What is your favorite YouTube channel? 	Why is the YouTube channel you listed above your favorite? <I>(Please be as detailed as possible)
2 cellos	I like them.
30 miles out	because I kayak fish
3rd Rock From the Sun	Funny
5 Pencil Method	He teaches drawing with pencils and as an artist I learn alot from this one
A BSH	Its my channel.
A friends channel	It lets me keep up to date with the friend and their ongoing projects
a lot better then the ones that you use	be cause I saw mommy kissing santa clause
Achievement Hunter	Most relatable to me and entertaining
AdamLambertVEVO	Because it has the official videos of Adam Lambert, my favorite singer
Afterbuzz tv	Relevant
Alex Jones Channel	It's real news
Ali-A	entertaining
all	none
all	differebt
all	honest trailor
All	Everything
all makeup and hair channels, alos funny video channels	my favorite videos to pass free time
All the ones I'm subscribed to	I like them
Alonzo Lerone	He's hilarious! He's smart, funny, and very on topic.
amateur videos	entertaining
animal planet	specifically dogs of doxie variety which is my favorite dog
ankti muzika	for the great meditation music
As of right now it's PinkSugarCotton	Because she has tutorials on polymer clay charmswhich i'm currently learning how to make.
ASAP Science	It teaches you things about life
ASMRer	He makes very soothing videos that help me fall asleep
asus	info
ATM it's Sourcefed, but that changes with time	The interactions between the hosts, especially on table talk, are very amusing.  They are the wacky comics that can make any topic interesting.
Avery Drummer Molek	The kid is amazing!
awesomeness tv	any thing you want to find will be on y0u tube
AwesomenessTV	There is a variety of videos and most of them are funny
Backyard Bowyer	He has complete instructional videos on how tomake things I'm interested in out of p.v.c.
Bad Lip Synching	Because the writers and voice actors are geniusesat times. Their spoofs on the 'Twilight' films aresuperb. They made them musicals!
Barcroft	My kind of shows
BBC	It gives me Doctor Who videos
bbc	fun shows
BBC	It provides the content I'm most interested in.
bbishoppcm	Fun, informative
beauty broadcast express	because I like emily who does the makeup reviews
beauty channels and education channels.	very informative.
Beyonce	She's talented and sexy
Beyonce	she is a great singer and dancer
Big Cat Derek	He shows us large cats at a rescue center. I like being able to see they are being taken care of.
Big Think	education, big ideas, out-of-the-box thinking
bigdawstv	it is funny
bigdawstv	Hes funny
Bill Whittle and Truth Revolt	They cover and discuss things that the networks ignore
BillNyeTheSciecneGuy	only source for this former TV show
Bitsandclips	She is just the perkiest, happiest, kindest person and I love seeing what she does with her family on a day to day basis.
black & sexy	because they have great webisodes
blakizbeautiful	she makes good natural hair tutorials for African American hair
Blimeycow	I can really relate to the channel and it's funny and unique.
Blogilates	it what i use to work out
Blogilates	Great fitness workouts
BluelightningTV	It provides good photoshop tutorials with clear instructions.
boogie2988	funny
Boyce avenue	They have good voices and cover songs
Bravo Shows	I get videos on some of my favorite shows
Bravo's Watch What Happens Live, the second half hour that is only shown on the internet.	Because they can say and do more interesting and outrageous things on the internet, that they cannot do on regular television.
Brian Culbertson	The music and quality
brianines	Dance videos
Broadway Channel	Because it has programming about Broadway shows that I cannot find anywhere else.
Budget Savvy Diva	Good information on shopping deals
Buzzfeed	Its hilarious and had variety
BuzzFeed	Because it has multiple channels and topics and because it's entertaining aswell as informative
can't remember the name	good content
can't rememberthe name	oldies movies
can't say	can't say
Can't select a single channel.	See above.
Carahslife	I like her and feel like we are friends
Carlito Olivero	Because he is cute and talented
Cartoon Hangover	It's got the programming I enjoy the most.
Cassie Ho	great exercise videos
cdcdirect	it has crazy mash up videos.  I think they may belegitimately insane.
cgpgrey	interesting content
Chart toppers	N/A
Chescaleigh	she's smart, fun, funny, and doesn't take shit from racists
Chrisbrownvevo	music videos
chuggaaconroy	he does a bunch of gameplay video's with a nice personality to them.
Cinema Sins	Funny & regularly updated
cinema sins	funny
CinemaSins	I love his commentary on movies and things hepicks up on. I'm on the same page.
cinemasins	the videos are always funny and well done
CinemaSins	I love how they take movies and point out all of the flaws, no matter how minor.
Cinemassacre	Because it's easier to watch the videos from the cinemassacre website on youtube
clothesencounters	She's absolutely lovely - great energy, beautiful, enthusiastic, fashionable, etc etc
Cnbc	Has shows I can't get on tv
Comedy	I like to be entertained
contoury music	great sons
Cooking with dog	Informative and the style of cooking and narrating is cool.
cooking with dog	real japanese cooking going step by step
country music channel	i love country music
crafts and dyi	I love trying new things
Crash Course	It deals with historical or scientific subjects
crazy russian	Great hints for many different life situations,often small but helpful.
Crocheting patterns.	Because i can get all the free patterns i want. And learn how to do them.
crosscounter	fighting game videos
cute girl hair styles	she shows easy steps for me to get how make my daughters hair cute
cyanide and happiness	they are just plain funny. no way around it. they are hilarious, and i always get a laugh from them.
DAily  bumps	vloggers I can relate to
Dance	I'm a dance instructor
danisnotonfire	He is hot and funny.
Dave Hax	Gives interesting daily life hacks and shortcuts.
Deep house music sets	it always releases a new mix every friday
Def leppard	Like the music and videos
Defranco Show	Important news quickly.
dev szell	hes my daughters boyfriend
digital rev tv	funny, imformative
disney	interesting
Disney collector	my kids enjoy it
Disney short	Its funny
Divine comedy/studio c	I like their routines
DJ Vlad	Most entertaining videos
do not have	none
Dogs	Like to see different dog videos.
domestic geek	love it
Domics	The uploader regularly puts up funny animatedvideos that sometimes are really random or reallyheartfelt and touching.
Don' have favorite.	N/A
dont have a favorite	always finding new content or what comes up in search
Don't have a favorite	No favorite
Don't have a favorite	Dont have a favorite
don't have a favorite	no favorite
don't have a favorite	no favorite
Don't have a favorite	na
don't have a favorite	I like a lot of them
Dont have a favorite.	N/A
Don't have a favorite. I can't even remember the ones to which I'm subscribed. I just haven't bothered to unsubscribe. I think one is a minecraft channel my kid subscribed.	See answer above.
Don't have one	Not applicable
don't have one	don't have a favorite
don't have one	don't have one
don't have one	interests too varied to choose favorites
Don't have one -- my young son uses it most (he's 8).	n/a
don't know	n/a
don't know	don't know
don't know	na
Don't know	Don't know
Don't know. My son's .:)	I don't subscribe to them, but I've enjoyed watching my son try to make one.
dont really have a favorite	i dont really have a favorite
don't really have one	?
don't remember	don't remember
Don't remember	don't remember
don't remember the name	n/a
DoTerra	teaches me about my work
DudeLikeHella	It's fun to watch Cory's adventures in Alaska
DudeLikeHELLA	Cory is an entertaining guy and is also a great filmmaker. He films his daily life which includes a lot of nature since he moved to Alaska. I watch him because he makes high quality videos which include things that interest me such as drones, nature, and overall having a good attitude.
Eastenders	Eastendeers
eatyourkimchi	best vlogs
eatyourkimchi	the people are funny
ed sherran	music is good
EDM channels	I get music I want for free
either Honest Trailers or CinemaSins.	Funny and good perspective most of the time.
Elijahs Place	Family
Ellen	humor
Ellen	I love the Ellen show
ellen	lets me catch up on clips from her show i missed
Ellen	I can catch clips from the daily show.
Ellen	She's funny. And I'm unable to watch her tv show regularly.
enchufe tv	enchufe tv is a very funny youtube channel
English  with  Mr  Duncan	it  is  useful  for  my  latin  family
eNtaK	I enjoy his videos
Entertainment	Talk shows
epic fails	espn basketabll
Epic Rap Battle of History	Because the raps are just to funny.
Epic Rap Battles	They're funny and entertaining
Epic Rap Battles of History	It is unique and fun
Epic rap battles of history	funny
Equals Three with Robbie Motz	Motz is hilarious.
ERB	It is entertaining and original
Espn	It has sports
espn	sports
failarmy	its funny
failarmy	we and the wife enjoy watching them together
family	family
Fashion	Clothes
Film Riot	Its something I'm interested in
finanzas	encuentro videos noticias de mi interes
Fine brothers	Just the diverse subjects and reactions from the groups interviewed
fine brothers	funny
FineBros	Only one where I consistently watch a release.
FitneessBlender	offers great variety of quality exercise videos.
fitness channels and music videos	I think watching exercising tips and old music videos from the past
fitnessblender.com	I get an incredible variety of free workouts, with new content being added all the time
Flula	He is incredibly ridiculous and funny. I also have that hipster-ish sense of pride that I was on his bandwagon way back when, as he puts it, "it was only a tiny skates board."
Food Wishes	It taught me simple cooking instructions that made me like cooking so much more.
Foodnetwork	I like to watch and learn to prepare dishes
Frankie grande	I'm most familiar with it
Free	Free
free Salon Education	I do hair and like to learn the new trends in it and its easy to watch on there
friends channel	he has neat videos
funny and useful	i want to learn
GABRIELLE INGLEASIS	BECAUSE HE IS MY FAVORITE COMEDIAN, HE MAKES ME LAUGH AND YOU TUBE MAKES IT EASY TO GO TO HIS PAGE AND FIND MY FAV JOKES
Gags	It's funny
Game Grumps	They are funny and very entertaining!
gaming	it shows how to play games
Gaming channel	It shows clips of the new video games being played.
GDQArchive	It has speedruns of games.
Geek & Sunday	The original programming
Geek and sundry	Tabletop
Geek tv	Informitive
geoff tate	fav artist
Gigi	I like her
giveaway promote	they have the best giveaways posted.
Glamlifeguru	She has great content on both beauty and lifestyle and she seems so down to earth.
going hot guns	its my brothers page
Good mythical morning	Rhett and link are funny and content is relatable
goss makeup	goss shows makeup tips/ideas you cannot find anywhere else and he listens to subs and produces a video on a specific topic as requested
gracevardelmusic	because she is immensely talented
Grandpas Corner	He is one hilarious man
Grantland	I provides all my podcasts I listen to and some in video format.
Grateful dead	My favorite videos and music
Grav3yardgirl	She's entertaining and does reviews on products.
Greg Hunter	Up to date news!
GRMC	local
Grown Folks Dancing	Get the opportunity to see people having some good clean fun dancing.
hair	shows many diffent hair styles
Hairstyles	There's certain hair styles I don't knowing how to do and it helps me see and learn...
Haunt Networks	It allows me to see what other people are makingfor their home haunts.  This allows me to come upwith new ideas for my own haunted house.  It alsoteaches me new technique that I did not know before.
Hey Fran Hey	Hey Fran Hey is very inspirational. She teaches us how to live healthy and naturally. She does tutorials and product recommendations. She's a wonderful spirit.
hindi music channel	I love bollywood channel
HipHopGamerShow	The fun the host has.
History Channel	Because I like watching informational and educational episodes.
HISTORY DOCUMENTARIES	MY SON AND I ARE BOTH HISTORY BUFFS AND THIS CHANNEL  ALLOWS US TO HAVE A WIDE VARIETY TO WATCH.
holderness	funny family
Hollywood Palace	Get to watch shows from my youth.
hollywood reporter	fantastic interviews
Home Free Vocal Group	Love them!
how stuff works	it tells me a lot of things I want to know
How to channel	It has how to do things videos I like
how to fix it	I need advise from time to time
howard stern	because its the only way i can listen or see the howard stern show
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQj4ZJd2QxRHwVYQbMvcKdQ	Biggest variety of Roll-Playing casts
https://www.youtube.com/user/mugumogu - Maru the cat	It's consistently entertaining and adorable.
Humble The Poet  SuperWoman	Great content, funny . makes you think and i can relate
HuskyStarcraft	Funny, Entertaining, and great commentary on Starcraft II gameplay
I can't remember name...it has old soap opera clips	Can't see this content anywhere else
I can't think of any right now	not sure
I did not know there were channels.	I did not know there were channels.
I do not have one.	-
I don't have a favor channel, I just watch what is on the channels I have.	I don't have a favorite channel, I just watch what I want to
I dont have a favorite	I dont have a favorite
I don't have a favorite	N/A
I don't have a favorite	I don't have a favorite.
I don't have a favorite	NA
I don't have a favorite	I don't have a favorite
I don't have a favorite channel, but Bad LipReading is pretty darn funny.	It's funny and creative.
I don't have a favorite channel.	I don't have a favorite channel.
I don't have a favorite.	I don't have a favorite.
I don't have a favorite.	
I don't have a favorite.	I don't have one because I enjoy many channels and can't pick one.
I don't have any favorites.	The reason that I watch YouTube is because I do not have to have a favorite channel. I control my content and can drift with the wind from channel to channel as my mood, and interest suits.
I don't have just one. I like NixiePixel, InfiniteWaters and The Spiritual Catalyst all for the samereason, though.	Through their content, I keep myself informedabout ideas, philosophies, life strategies andother ways to improve my quality of life and/orstate of mind. NixiePixel is a geek vlog thatgives me information about technology, includinghardware like phones and tablets, and about thingsI can do with Linux OS. Infinite Waters and TheSpiritual Catalyst both share spiritual andmetaphysical philosophy and other ideas which Ieither am exposed to and decide aren't for me, oram glad to have discovered and learn ways toimplement them for benefit in my life.
i don't have one	i don't have a favorite
I don't have one yet	I don't have a favorite channel yet. I have to many varied interests to have  a favorite channel
I don't have one.	I don't have a favorite.
I don't have one.	n/a
i dont know	i dont knoe
I don't know	N/A
I don't know	I don't know
I don't know	I don't really pay attention to channels
i don't know	i just subscribe to what i find interesting at the time, but i seldom go back and watch again
I don't know	don't have a favorite
I don't know, hard to choose	Can't say
I don't know.	I don't have one.
I don't know.  Did not know there were different channels.	N/a
I don't really havve a favorite	NA
I don't remember.	I don't know.
i got a lot favorite youtube channel	teal swan,ty moss,parategray,lindsay hughes,christina martine
I guess, if I had to choose one, I would say Tosha Jones.	She is an amazing woman drummer.
I have many but one of my favorites is MichelleFrugal Living	She does a lot of deals using coupons which helpsme to learn how to save and get the most out of mymoney.
I have no idea	I don't really get into the channels
i like any you yube channel	any is my favorite
I like ultramusic.	They have all sorts of new random songs that Iusually enjoy.
I only subscribe to one because it has kittens.	It has videos of a litter of cute kittens growing up.
I really don't have a favorite channel	I just pick what I want to watch when I want to
I think I subscribe to two, but that doesn't mean that I actually know what they are haha (meaning I don't follow anything closely)	see above.
Ibam subscribed to channels because mom blog contests make me	See answer above
Idk	I don't have one
I'm not sure what is meant by channels.	unsure
I'm unsure.	I'm unsure.
independent media,how to videos	its info news worthy
Influenster	I get all latest information
internetlurker	There are a lot of vintage commercials
Investigation Discovery	interesting
It's a toss-up between Real Ghost Stories Online and The Crochet Crowd.	These are things that I am most interested in.
Itsjudyslife	I love their daily vlogs!
Jaclyn Hill	She has great tutorials
Jacqueline DuBois	She shares her spiritual believes/practices way of life as a witch in orange county california
Janoskians	Cute boy group
Jared and Ellie	great couple who are relatable
Jasmine Thompson TantrumJas	She is an awesome talent
Jay Leno's Garage	It's more professionally produced than most.
jdfromny	i love gaming
Jenna Marbles	she's very funny and makes fun of real-lifesituations that I can relate to
jenna marbles	shes funny
Jenna marbles	She's relatable to me and humorous
Jenna Marbles.	She's hilarious.
jeremyjahns	gives humorous and thorough movie reviews
jimmy fallon	he has good videos
Jimmy Falon	Funny
jimmy kimmel	he is really funny
jimmykimmel	its funny
Jknews	It has the most content out of the just kidding network
Jlo channel-vevo	It let's me watch all the music videos from Jlo
Johnny Carson	The only one I care about.
JonTronShow	He makes funny and entertaining videos about videogames.
josh groban	features favorite singer
journey	like the music
Judge Judy	Because I love judge Judy.
juilan smith	Julian smith
jus reign	funny
Just add bows	I like to create tutu outfits
Just For Laughs Gags	This is my favorite channel because it's just a bunch of videos of normal people like me getting caught in some pranksters' pranks.
katy perry vevo	favorite artist
Kendrick Lamar	I like the videos
KenGrolle	It's my husband's channel that he uses to upload family videos.
kevin smith smodcast stuff	good humor.
Key of awesome	It's very funny
Kinda Funny	Good videos
KindaFunny	The people who run this channel are inspiring and funny.
KING BACH	HE HAS SOME FUNNY VIDEOS
King of Random	The content is interesting.  It's suitable for my kids.
kiss	godd
k-love	It helps me stay up to date with some of my favorite artists and their videos.
krazycouponlady	everyday deals for couponers
Kyde & Eric	They not only talk about food they eat in Japan,they produce travelogues of places they go and gothrough everything you would ever want to know ifyou went there.
KyleLandry	He's an amazing and inspirational pianist
Kyokoon64	cause its lets play videos
lady ga ga	great music
lady gaga	has all her lastest videos and music
Last Week Tonight	Great show and it's on HBO, so when I didn't get HBO, it was awesome.
LastWeekTonight	It allows me to watch my favorite news showwithout subscribing to HBO
Latest videos	I get to watch the latest videos.
Laura in the Kitchen	she is entertaining and informative
laura in the kitchen	She makes food I like and she knows what shes doing without being annoying
laura vitale	because i love cooking
Lawhf	Real content and funny
Leafwood Publishers	It's one of my publishers
led zeppelin	love all their songs
lego	it the only one
Legolambs	It's fun
LIFE Leadership	Because it helps keep me connected the video's LIFE leadership releases to the community.
LIferegenerator	THE host is entertaining and knowledgeable
lifetime	because I can catch up on shows or behind the scenes of my fave episodes
Lindsey Stirling	Wonderful music
Lindsey Stirling	Good music, good links to other musicians
Lindsey Stirling	It has all of her latest music videos available.
LionsgateVOD	It's versatile
LittleKuriboh and Octopimp	they do abridged parodies of my favorite anime shows
live city news	connected to the world
live frm america	its simply great
local	it is funny
Lucid Dementia	Because it's dark and creative.
luke bryan	love his music
machinima	funny, and good topics
Machinima	funny and entertaining and informative
mackysnet	There are past episodes of a Spanish soap opera I like, it's good practice to replay and the clips are in order.
Macrame School	It is very informative. It keeps my interest. I learn something every time I watch.
Made Man	I really like the show "Speakeasy"
majesticcasual	I use Youtube for listening to music and majesticcasual updates frequently and has great content.
Makeup	Teaches me
Markiplier	Mark Fishbauch is an inspiration and a comedic genius.  His videos are funny, and his charity work is genuine.
Markiplier	Markiplier (Mark Edward Fischbach) is highlyentertaining to me; Withi his "Let's Play!" videoseries, I've always enjoyed his voice acting, hiscomedic commentaries, his screams/fits of rage orpanic... and the games he play of mostly of anindie-horror/survival horror genre, which is alsosomething I enjoy in life... He always makes melaugh in a way not even PewDiePie could, though Ihaven't really watched a lot of his content.
Mary Kay	I am a consultant and it is the best way to show products to customers who are far away.
MassageASMR	His videos help me sleep.
Masterdate	cool site
Matthew Santoro	Dude is funny and informational
may the best house win	fun to watch
Mentalfloss	I like that IRS informational but also fun
mermaid	granddaughter loves
Michael Jackson vevo	its my favorite bc mj is  my favorite artist
Michele Phan	She has usable advice
Michelle phan	Beauty guru
MileyCyrusVEVO	I LOVE YOU MILEY CIRUS
mincraftercar	my sons channel
Mindvalley	I can access free content for meditations
mindvalley	because it has the most relevant content
Mine	Because it's mine
Mine	cause
mine	becase bit contains m faves
mine	has my boy
Mine.	I made it.
mises	content
Missouri Star Quilt Company	Has alot of fantastic quilting tutorials...easy to follow along & learn new quilting techniques.
missremiashten	diy
Model Train	It is my hobby
monkeynuts	It's funny
movie channels	i love old movies
MovieClips Trailers	I enjoy getting another view of upcoming moviesfrom multiple trailer listings.
Mr Sark	His videos are excellent, well produced, and funny
Muchlovefromky	really straight forward and honest
Mugumogu	Maru the cat.
Muppet Babies	I really enjoyed the show
music	n/a
Music	I customize my music
music	oldies
music	because it shows great music videos
music and guns	guns
music channel	it has all the music i enjoy
music from the 70's	like music from the 70's
Musiv	None
My cousins	Videos of his kids
my daughters	because its my daughter
My favorites are the music	Cause I can listen to any of them without paying
My husbands	he posts videos of his music and his sporting activities
My husband's	It has videos of our son on it.
My own	It is one that I can post video reviews
my own	because it has my videos on it
n/a	n/a
N/A	N/A
N/A	N/A
n/a	I dont have a favorite
n/a	i don't have a favorite
n/a	n/a
N/A	N/A
n/a	na
Na	Na
na	na
na	na
na	na
na	na
na	na
na	na
NA	NA
na	na
Nami41000	It has all of the Hebrew animated programming available.
Nathan Barnatt	game and dance videos
native instruments	show good products
nbc	it has the programs I like
nerdist	great content
new found glory	all the music videos i like
NFL Bad Lip Reading	It's really funny and they come out with a new video each year
NHL	I love hockey
nigahiga	it's entertaining
Nigahiga	He's funny and my brother in law works for him.
NigaHiga	He's entertaining.
NigaHiga	It's funny
nigahiga and smosh	because they are funny
Nine Inch Nails	My favorite musical group
NKOTB	I get to see things here I dont see elsewhere
no favorite	no favorite
No favorite	none
no favorite	like most
No favorite.	No favorite.
no favorites, I just search for what I want	I just like to search randomly
No real favorite	See above
Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds	Good band
Nome	None
none	none
None	none
none	none
none	no favorite
none	none
NONE	NA
None	N/A
none	none
none	I have no favorite
none	NA
none	none
none	none
None	None
none	none
none	n/a
none	haven't found any I particularly need to watch
None	N/A
none	because
None	None
none	none
None	I subscribe to interesting clean channels so the YouTube recommended videos come in as Clean interesting videos
none	no reason
None	None
None	Dont know
None	No preference
none	none
none	none
none I can think of	because I want to
none really, just natural hair videos	I learn how to do my hair.
None really.	Just did it to bookmark stuff.
None.	No favorite.
None. The ones I follow are friends YouTube channels.	The ones I follow are friends YouTube channels.
not sure	not sure
not sure	fun to have
not sure	na
Not sure	Not sure
Not sure	Not sure.
not sure	not sure
not sure	not sure
not sure	I don't know
Not sure the name of it. It's a cooking channel	Because I can find good recipes in a hurry. And it's all step by step viewing.
npr storycorps	it's real and means something
nuclear blast	I like metal music
Nutnfancy	In-depth and honest gear-review videos, adventure videos, and philosophy videos. It's a community.
NY Taxi	Because he complains about selling venues
Official FIRST	love robotics and the program Dean Kamen created
Oh I am mistaken...I don't know that there are u tube channels, I just watch plain ol you tube videos	my bad
one direction	i love their music and videos
One that shows different chainsaw carvings.	It helps my learn new techniques.
Origamigo	I like the people and their cheerfulness.
OverTheGun	He's a great funny guy
ownage pranks	it'a funny
ParticleMen	Its everything related to one of my favorite bands, They Might Be Giants.  From oldies, to their newest Dial-A-Long weekly songs.
Pemberley Digital	It airs a scripted vlog series based on Jane Austen works.
pewdiepie	He is funny
pewdiepie	finebros
Pewdiepie	I love his videos and he's funny
pewdiepie	he is my senpai
Pewdiepie	I like his channel because he does random stuff, he's funny and he kind of makes you break away from a hard day. He is a funny, idiot.
Pewdiepie	His humor is raunchy and knows no bounds and he's cute
PewDiePie	Because it's fun and I like your games
pewdipie	hes cool
Phillip de franco	He informs me of the news of the day with no filler
Phillip DeFranco	Hilarious guy!
Photo editing classes	It helps me with wedding photography
Pittsburgh Dad	Reninds me of home
playstation	i get the latest updates
popsugar fitness	free exercises
Power Nation	I'm a car restorer, helps with new product reseach.
PrankvsPrank	They do funny pranks and they are an awesome couple.
PresageMusic	new music I like
Psycho Soprano	Colleen Ballinger is down to earth and some I canrelate too and entertaining to watch.
ptxofficial	I enjoy their music
pwnage	Its funny
Quill18	Provides videos of games I currently play, as well as previews of upcoming games
quite a few	things I can relate to
Rap battles	See new mc's
Raw Traveler	It's my own
raywilliamjohnson	funny stuff
RB	MUSIC
realitychangers	because they are real people just living life andloving to sing.
reglar dave  my	I like sport
Regular Car Reviews	Funny, relevant reviews of regular cars
regular youtube	vedeos  and the entertainment it provides
reni- french prankster	he does things you cant do in the US without arrest
Rhett and Link	They are hilarious
Rhett and Link	They are awesome, funny, and clean
Richard Kelly	he has the best scratch off videos
rockabilly	it's an interest
Rooster Teeth	I've been watching their videos almost as long as they've been a company.
Rooster Teeth	It has a lot of content that is put out daily and most of it is related to things i'm interested in like games and technology
Roosterteeth and Pewdiepie.	Roosterteeth is full of many people that loves playing games. Pewdiepie is a great person that is funny and nice.
Russell Brand	I like The Trews.
SacconeJolys	It is about a family that lives in London but are actually from Ireland. They have two kids and six dogs and film part of their daily lives. They also upload the same time every day. Their vlogs are interesting and fun to watch. :-)
SacconeJolys	I love the content they record.
Sam Tsui songs	Very talented singer/performer
Sandman	Barbarossa
Santana	Music fan
sasquatch ontario	Love anything bigfoot
schmoyoho (I have like 10 favorites, but pickingthat one)	As the main channel for The Gregory Brothers, itis filled with sharp, topical, hilarious content. Ultra-talented musicians, composers, andcomedians.  Music and comedy are my favoritethings YouTube has to offer, and schmoyohocombines these consistantly well, and have done sofor years.
scotty kilmer	I'm always looking for problems with my car he's the best of them he's old school
seananners	funny
Sesame Street	Love to show classic sketches to my kids.
Sesame Street	It's perfect for my kids to watch new or old videos.
Sharpologist	It is traditional shaving based
shironekoshiro	Very entertaining videos by a multiple cat ownerin a beautiful, peaceful setting in Japan
Simon's Cat	I like the cartoons.
Singin one	I like listening to people sing
Sixty Symnols	They talk about interesting physics
slingshot	The host is pretty interesting and I've learned a bit from him
smartereveryday	interesting
Smosh	hummor and everything
smosh, sports, how to diy, news and politics	I like the entertainment, views and the videosdisplayed.
SMTown	It has all the music videos I love
Solid Gold	Has great "how-to" videos.
Some music video channel. Don't remember exact name.	Wide variety of great content with terrific quality.
songs	I can customize and listen or watch songs that only I want.
Sony Playstation	It covers all the games I want to watch
Sparkpeople	I need to lose weight.
SPINXO	IT IS THE MOST ENTERTAINING AND INTERESTING.
Spirit of the Lotus	belly dance videos
Sports	Like sports
sports	i enjoy sports
sports	entertainment
sports illustrated	swimsuit models
Sports!	Because I bleed and die for sports. I love sports!
SprinkleofGlitter	Louise is such a lovely person and so positive. Her videos are really natural and she really cares.
Square Enix Members USA	They are my favorite video game company, so their channel helps to keep me up to date.
stamps of Life	learn about cardmakikng
Star Wars	One I my favorite movies and I like to watch things about it.
star wars audio plays and audio books	listen to as I fall asleep many nights
Stephanie Tonnemacher	Great songwriter/singer.  Also a friend.
Steve Cash	His videos are hilarious!
Steve Cash/Talking Kitty.	Because the videos are ingenious and funny.
SteveCash83	Because it has cute talking cat videos
Straightnochaser	they offer a unique way of performing and i enjoywatching them
sulibreezy	explain the problem with in today world
superego	i love to watch cholo adventures lol
supernatural	previews
Suspicious Observers	Very interesting information on a daily basis.
swampgirl	funny
Swing Dancing	I don't know. Several
Sylvester the talking cat	Look him up and you'll see!  He's got a bunch of videos by now, BUT the first one is the BEST and I still laugh every time I watch it.
TAOFLEDERMAUS	First and foremost the videos are great, well produced. And for the most part one can have an intelligent conversation in the comment section without an overwhelming amount of TROLLS and other scumbags lying, exaggerating, picking arguments for the sake of argument, although of course many have infiltrated that really do not fit in. They however seem to eventually end up in a long and dragged out for months argument with another troll and stops watching the main videos.
Taste of home	Recipes
Taylor swift	I love taytay!
Team CoCo	Comedic, entertainment
TeamFourStar	DBZ Abridged
TeamFourStar	Hilarious and it's about DBZ
technology	it gives me a up-to-date view on one of my passions.
TEDTalks	Interesting content
Test tube	It help me learn about current issue.
The adventures of Gryffin and ollie	They are adorable dogs
The atheist experience	I can catch up on past shows or clips of the best callers. Has content I'm interested in that I can't find anywhere else.
The Crochet Crowd	It has many tutorials on how to do certain crochet stitches or patterns.  There are many videos to choose from and the projects are easily done following the video.
the ellen show	she always post either funny videos or heart warming videos
The Ellen Show	great humor
The Ellen Show	It's Ellen. Positive.
The Nerdist Channel	Is contains the type of funny, geek-type content that I enjoy
The New York Times	All kinds in info I need to know along with general interest
The north face	Great videos
The one belonging to my family member.	Because it was created by a family member.
The original!	Everything is there!
The Piano Guys	I love their music! It was great to listen to during Christmas
the piano guys	because i am a fan of the piano guys and i love watching their videos
The Vatican - Español	ecause it brings news of my religion.
The Wendy William Show	I can watch the hot topics without watching the entire show
The White House	interesting
the young turks	its great source for factual news
TheAngryGrandpaShow	Because it's the most hilarious reality web show I've ever seen, the star of the show is like the modern Mr Roger
thesoundyouneed	best music for my taste
theunamusedkraken	It's my daughter's site and I love to watch her performances.
thriftthick	she is an amazing person and is always so sweet and nice, not to mention funny
Tim Hawkins	It is really funny
TimCat Productions	He's a personal friend of mine.
Tireo	Because it speaks truth about God
TLN - The Lacrosse Network	It used to have live NLL games, but now it's just OK for highlights and stories on the athletes
Tommy Toe Hold	funny as hell
ToneItUp	Because it provides me with useful information and workouts.
Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon	They put a lot of the cool things on the show on YouTube right away.
tony horton	only one I check out
TopGear	Fast cars, Easy STIG
Toss up between TheRoyalStampede and Smosh.	TheRoyalStampede guys are awesome pranksters, evenif the pranks themselves have been done before.Their accents, especially, draw me in. Thesituations they get themselves into are ridiculousand not like what you'd expect. Smosh is also justas hilarious but they're more diverse. Theirvideos can be wide from subject to subject (i.e.,Pokemon to Flamingo). So in short,TheRoyalStampede is my favorite Australian"provider" and Smosh is my favorite American one.
track and field	because its my favorite sport
transformers review of their figures	show me how to transform them
Trimhealthymama	These gals are hilarious and I learn so much from them.
Truth revolt	Really like content
tv	you have a wide variety to choose from
Tyler Moore	He instructs website building, creating blogging sites, etc., all of which I have an interest.
TYT	They entertain, inform, educate, etc. They are an all in one package and they have other channels relevant to me.
UFO TV	I love the documentaries/shows they have, ancient aliens for example.
Under armour	Great innovations
Unknown	N/A
Unsure	Adult
unsure	don't understand question as I view on computer
Unsure	I don't recall
URLTV.tv	I am a big battle rap fan & they're the best ones doing it.
used to be backporchvideos. of course it got pulled for infringement. which i think is BS. it was recorded to VHS in the 80s from PUBLIC BROADCAST. sad so much great classic once in a lifetime footage is collecting dust cuz of some money issue.	just a nostalgic era, tunes fashion and humor that i loved to get a glimpse of.
vampireweekend	songs
Veggietales	Cute and free
vevo	it shows music videos
Vevo	Downloading music
Vevo	because it is the bomb and they have some good video
Vevo	I like listening and watching videos
vevo	music
Vevo	Cuse they bring good Hip Hop videos
Vevo	Official music videos
vice	fun documentries
Violin tutorial	Hints on how to play violin
viveo	music videos
vlogbrothers	funny and educational
VlogBrothers	Interesting people and content that informs me.
vlogbrothers	I love Hank and John Green and I consider myself a Nerdfighter
Vsaucce	Fun to watch
WarnerBros	Because they have cool videos.
watch reviews	I am a watch collector
WatchMojo	Good quality video and info
WatchMojo	it has interesting videos
Wayyslinn	Good
Welcometonightvale/danisnotonfire	Continual play of my favorite radio show and dans funny and majes me feel ok about my own mistakes
Whats Up Moms	Relevant content to me, smart, funny
Whiteboy7thst	He is funny
wide smart	media
wigs	has original series
Wiz Khalifa	He uploads cool videos
Wizard of shred	Free guitar lessons
Workersonboard	Alicia helps me to find work at home job
Workersonboard	Tells you legit wok at home jobs
Wow presents	It caters towards gay people
Wranglerstar	Shows you how to do things
wwe	wrestling
wwe	its funny
wwe	wrestling
WWE	C-ute, snsd airport, pranks
WWE	It has matches i like to watch
x factor	fresh, new, pure, talented artistry
yoga channel	yoga channel
Yogscast	entertaining videos
You Tube Nation	This YouTube Channel is my favorite because it isa channel that consists of many different randomvideos that are, in my opinion, funny and witty.This channel usually keeps me entertained.
you tube news	like to stay up to date on the world
Your Daily Laughz	It has funny viral videos although it seems to be down or not updated much anymore
Zak George Dog Revolution	It helps me with dog training.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	