What are some reasons that you go to YouTube to watch videos? 
TO watch videos
80s-now music videos, 50s-90s cartoons, campy/b-grade movies, amateur clips, live music
A family member is currently doing a weekly vlog. Look for how-to videos.
A family member usually has seen something funny and want me to watch it.  I don't usually seek YouTube on my own.
a friend has brought something to my attention on there.
a good laugh
a ool video
A recommendation from somebody or just to get agood laugh
A wide range of videos
Able to find videos from just about any artist aswell as to find recommendations for similar orrelated videos as well.
about video games
Access to music videos, how-to instructions, and reviews/regular "programs"
Actual Play, D&D casts, Anime reviews
ad block, search engine
Adult videos
Ali-A. Music vidoes.
all kinds of video available
Allows me to listen to free music and watch funny recordings
Almost everything that i look for i can find easily
alot of tv shows are available there, spend timewith the wife watching fail videos or funny videos
alternative content, music, playlists
always has what i am looking for
always have the video i want
amusement,topic interest,laughs
anime show
anything you want to see is available
App on smartphone allows easy access
are for free
area news
As a teacher in the classroom.  WIth my children, children's songs/programs
As I mentioned previously, they have material noton DVD - concert videos, and TV show episodes.
asked to
auto repairs, cooking instruction
availability
Available
awesome
Basically because it's free.  There are lots of shows/movies on there that I want to watch, and I don't have to pay for them.
be entertained, to learn how to do something
beauty hauls
Beauty tips and music videos
because
Because I can find a variety of things I enjoy watching. I can view anything from music videos, to movies.
because i can find just about any type of videos that interest me through a general search
because I can find videos about anything
Because I can watch anything I want to at any time I want. Where as Netflix is only limited to a certain amount of shows and videos
Because I can watch shows produced by regular people that are more interesting then shows produced professionally that air on TV.
Because I can't find those videos other places
because I like the content
Because I like to see music videos
Because I missed something on tv, such as a performance by a musical group, to watch something short and funny, to watch videos made by people I know
Because I start with one--like "Talking Kitty," or "X Factor UK"--and I get hooked. You Tube videos are very addicting!!!
Because it has content I cannot find in other places.
Because it's usually posted on facebook andsomeone I know says it's funny/recommends watchingit.
because thats where they are
Because the shows are not available on TV or on ondemand.
Because there are videos on YouTube that are not available from other sources.
because there is so much on there you never know what you are going to end up watching
Because they are entertaining
Because they are free. I'm also an artist so how to videos are awesome.
because they are short and convenient
Because they don't play rap videos on tv
because they have a great selection of videos
Because they have a lot of movies available
because they have been shared to my FB page
because they have things on there I can not see anywhere else.
because they're funny
because we can go to the moon on our way to mars
Best information
best music videos and have everything you want to watch
bord
Bored
bored
bored
bored
bored
bored
bored
Bored
bored or I want to see a certain one
bored, looking for something free and easy
Bored, need demo on technology, automotive or DIY, fail videos, links from Facebook
Boredom
Boredom
Boyfriend shows me a video
can access a variety of programming, to watch music videos for free
can chose the music I want to hear
can find almost anything there
can find almost anything you're looking for
can find any music i want
can find anything you're looking for there
Can find literally anything. For example, I wanted to watch a documentary on the Berlin Wall the other day and behold! there was a good one on Youtube.It is also a good place for tutorials, for fun when people send me things, and so I can watch other things I like such as videos and reviews on technology and cars.
can find most anything, any time you want.
Can find videos on just about anything you can think of
can find what i wabt
Can get footage and commentary on current events as well as watch popculture media.
Can see live performences from bands I like.
can see ones i have not seen,lots of different content
Can watch short, specific videos
can watch whatever i want
cant find any where
can't find anywhere else
Can't find it anywhere else
Can't find them anywhere else.
cant find videos elsewhere
cant see it anywhere else, or a link
Can't watch them elsewhere. Easy to search.
Carlito OliveroLove and HipHop
Casual pass of the time
cat videos
Cat videos
catch funny clips
catch up
catch up on anime episodes that i can't find on my regular anime-watching websitewatch VOD's of professional video game streamers
Catch up on my Leadership Videos
catch up on things
Cause someone sends me a link; other than that I don't go to YouTube ever.
cause sometimes it the only place you can find acertain video
Cause sometimes they are educational and sometimes they are funny and spiritual and scary
Celebrity talk and hairstyles
Cheap, easy
Check out new music and old favorites
check out something someone told me about
CinemaSins, Honest Trailers, movie trailers in general, Stefan Molyneux's informational videos about current events/FreeDomain Radio, informational videos that defy the left-right paradigm....maybe sometimes I do spend more than two hours a month, but so far, still less than three.
clear picture
Clips from links on other media
clips, exercise
Comedy
Comedy
comedy and info
Comedy entertainment.  Watching DCI drumline and hornlines.
comedy, for a good laugh
concerts, musicians, old tv shows, funny
Contains content I choose to view
Content
Content
Content creators make shows that cannot be found elsewhere.
content I can't find anywhere else, free
Content made specifically by youtubers.
content not available anywhere else
content not on tv
content that can not be found elsewhere
conveniant
convenience
convenience, free.
Convenient
Convenient
CONVENIENT AND EASY TO USE.
Convenient, helpful
convenient, on demand
convient
cooking demonstrations, a video of something funny, a cat game
cooking demonstrations, home improvement demonstrations, stupid/interesting videos
cool
Crafting tutorials
crafts, certain things that happen
creative original content
creative vids
Curiosity
curiosity mostly maybe entertaining factor
curious
Curious
curious
current events
current events, researching topic/interest
Cute and funLooking for particular video
cute animals
Cute cat videos
Cute videos
Dance videos
Demo cooking
different
different kinds of videos are available on Youtube
different kinds of videos for all kinds of information
different stuff
different views of one situation ex a riot that happened in my town. Several videos posted by different people from different areas, and different times during the riot.Ex when it began, after police showed up,
directed by another site
directed to it by someone else
distracted
diversity
DIY
Diy education
DIY projects
DIY projects, cooking help
DIY videos
diy videos
diy, information on hobbies, just for fun
dk
DK
do fix something, some one sends me a link to aninteresting  or funny video
Do it yourself help.
Do it yourself video
do not
do not really
Dont know
don't really
don't think about it
don't think of it
Download music, watch funny videos
DYI to learn how to do different things from hair to automobile repairs.
Ease, convenience, variety
easier to find
easier to find what I am looking for
easier to find what I'm looking for in one place
easier to use.
Easiest to use and has all the popular videos
easily accessible
Easy
EASY
easy
easy
easy
Easy
easy
easy access
easy access
Easy access
Easy access
Easy access to vidoes
easy and free
easy to access, has different content
Easy to find
Easy to find a wide variety of topics
Easy to find content
Easy to find content
Easy to find just clips of shows
Easy to find some videos
Easy to find specific clips without watching an entire show.  To watch music videos.
easy to find type of video youre looking for
Easy to find video information
easy to find what i am looking for. tons of variety. and its free
easy to find what i need to see
Easy to find what I want
Easy to find what you are looking for
Easy to find whatever I want
easy to find.  has video and audio.
easy to look up
Easy to navigate
easy to search for
Easy to search, no problems or spam,
easy to search, you can find many videos on justabout every subject matter.
easy to use
Easy to use. Everything is on youtube
Easy to watch on my streaming device
Easy, fun,
Easy, less ads
Eazy for the kids entertainment
education
Education
Education, entertainment
education, music
Education/how-to
educational
Educational
educational / instructional
educational, enjoyable
E-MAIL
email of an youtube clip.
encuentro videos sumamente de mi interes super importantes
enjoy seeing people try some interesting things and also some weird things.
entertain my kid
Entertaining
entertaining
Entertaining
entertaining
entertaining
Entertainment
Entertainment
entertainment
entertainment
entertainment
Entertainment
Entertainment
entertainment
entertainment
entertainment
entertainment
Entertainment
entertainment
entertainment
Entertainment and how to's
entertainment sports highlights current events
entertainment, education
Entertainment, educational videos for my classroom, makeup and hair. Cooking
entertainment, i don't have cable
Entertainment, information
entertainment, instruction
Entertainment, learning
Entertaint learn some cool stuff
everyone posts videos on youtube
everything is there
excercise
Exclusive content
Exclusive content from YouTubers, bits and pieces of media from elsewhere.
exercise videos
expansive amount of video
Facebook
facebook links
facebook links and my granddaughter shares her monster high dolls and looks for mermaid videos
Family member fraternity
family video posts
Family vlogs, music videos, and advice on other topics
fan based tributes to shows
Fan made videos. Clips from tv shows/talk showsmusic (lyric) videos
fast and easy to find and free
Fast and easy to find any video all in one place. I subscribe to a lot of channels.
fast, easy
Fast. I can see you tube videos on my computerwhen i might come across a subject i like andsometimes they are already on you tube andsometimes i go to the website to view them on that.
faster to see them
Find choral music pieces
find content for my classes
find funny or educational content
find info
find information. be amused.
find music
find old shows I missed
find OLD tunes
find ones I can't see elsewhere
Find out about things, like cleaning guns.
find out how to do something, watch music videos
find out how to do things  and humor
Find shows that I cant get anywhere else for free.
find some needed info
find some subjects that I can't find other ways
find something that i am interested in right away
Find unique videos, follow frequent posters.
find videos of events that i want to see
Find videos that I can't find any where else
find videos to teach me a concept or how to do something or for entertainment/humor
Fire vehicle videos
Fitness, funny videos, tutorials
Fixing broken things, How to do some things, tolearn new songs that I need to know for churchworship team.
follow a link suggested by friend
Follow links from social media, watch specific music/sports videos
follow some links on facebook
Following a link to a youtube video within an article/blog/forum/etc.
food
food how to videos to see how something was made; or educational videos to see how something could be taught differently
For "How to" videos
For a good laugh
for a good laugh
For children's videos mostly, but we also like learning videos for school aged kids as well as the occasional learning video for myself. Also sports related videos.
For classical music performances not available in stores.  Also miscellaneous humorous postings
for DIY information such as household repairs, PC reparis, etc
For educations purposes. I show appropriate video clips in my classroom.
for entertainment
for entertainment
FOR ENTERTAINMENT
for entertainment
For entertainment and work purposes
for entertainment purposes
for entertainment, news and curisoty
for exercise videos to work out to
for fun
for fun
for fun
For fun
for fun and how to videos
For fun or to learn something
for funny videos or music videos
for help
for how to
For how to videos
For how-to craft videos.
For information
For instructions or how-to's.
for learning videos--how to videos
For music and information and how to videos
For music at work. Audio tapes at work. Many programs on Itunes are available on YouTube. YouTube is easier to use at work and overall.
for music videos
for music videos, or when someone sends me a linkto a video
for my son
For non-music, I use YouTube to see things that aren't available elsewhere. For music, I use YouTube to share videos/songs on Twitter.
for school/work purposes
for their how-to videos and the music
for work
format
free
free
free
Free
free
free
free
free
free
free
FREE
Free and easy to find what I want to watch.
free content, can find most anything
Free contentChoice of contentExtensive variety of contentAccessibility (instant)
free entertaining vidoes
free music, funny videos
free of charge
free plus great selectins
free shows
Free to watch and I can see how other people do the things so I can do them.
Free tv shows, music videos and the free baby einstien for my child.
Free Videos
Free videos on the things I am interested in.
free videos.  Lots to choose from.
Free, can find anything i want
Free, can watch on my tv
Free, convenient
free, convenient, has everything
Free, convenient, interesting content
free, easy to use
Free, easy, can find almost anything.
free, quick, easy
Free, specific content
Free.
friend recommends it  grandchildren want to watch
friends
friends & family send me videos to watch
Friends events, activities, funnies
Friends post a link to a video; to learn moreabout something quickly; to listen to music
friends post them
Friends recommnd it
Friends send me links or tell me to check something out.
friends sending me links (videos) in my emails
From a link some one has posted
from facebook or for "how to" videos
From someone on facebook
fun
fun
fun
fun
fun
Fun
Fun
fun
fun
fun
fun, different varieties, free
fun, funny
Funny
funny
funny
funny
funny
funny
funny
funny
funny
funny
funny
funny
funny
funny
funny and links
Funny break, friend shared
funny or interesting.  Many with animals.
Funny skits or how to do
funny stuff
funny unique videos
funny video, cat video (who are we kidding that is what youtube is for)
Funny Videos
funny videos
Funny videos
funny videos
funny videos
Funny videos or video reviews.
Funny videos, viral videos, stuff people send me
funny, cant watch anywhere else
Funny, Friends recommend
funny, music, etc
gaming and comedy videos
get better news on youtube than tv
get help on how to do stuff ('how to' videos), watch entertaining things
get info
get new video first
get points from a survey I'm doing
go if someone has told me about something to watch
go to solution
Golf videos
good
good collection of videos
Good quality and very informative.
Good subjects I can find
Great
Great content, free to watch, incredibly convenient.
great movies on it
great variety and free
Guitar lessons
hard to find stuff
hard to find videos
Has a large number of videos
has a lot of variety
Has anything I search for
has good clips. Only way to watch Ellen if I can'twatch it live.
has it  all
Have what I'm looking for
hear about the video from a friend
Hear about the video from someone else.
hear songs
heard a story
heard about a funny video
heard about a viral video, game walkthroughs, music, TV shows
heard about certain videos from others
heard about something on tv that I missed and want to see it.  Usually a small recap of something.
heard from others it is funny
Help
helpful instructions on a task I am not familiarwith doing
Helps teach me to do certain things.
Home improvement how to videos, to watch an occasional music video, so my son can watch toy story games
home improvement, viral videos
how to
how to do it jobs
How to do something, education reasons
How to do something, or to find cooking recipes orsewing ideas
how to do things
How to do things
how to do things
How to do video's.
How to do.......
How to fix something. Or learn new things. Or view video of new products.
how to information
How to or information videos on a new task
how to use videos
how to video and also music videos
how to videos
How to videos
how to videos
How to videos
how to videos
how to videos
How to videos and music videos.
how to videos or weird videos
How to videos, commentary, comedy, etc.
How to videos, Jay Leno's Internet show, shows about hobbies I'm interested in, and non-mainstream entertainment.
how to videos, short clips
how to videos, short clips to entertain kids
How to videos...how to decorate a cake or how to make a pinata
How to,music videos and funny videos
How toLearn thingsMusic videos
how too
How tos
how-to videos
how-to videos
How-to videos
how-to videos, music videos, movies
how-to videos, someone told me about a funny video
huge selection
humor
humor
humor
humor
Humor
I am able to see and learn different things and i can pause or go back if I miss or want to hear or see something again.
I am led there by a link from a friend
i am sent link to checkout a vodeo
I can be looking up music, be sent a link for a video, read about a video in a news story, general seach for old clips/shows, see a video mentioned on a television show.
I can choose to watch whatever show I'm interested in and also get how-to videos
I can choose what I want.
I can find almost EVERYTHING anytime on YouTube.
I can find anyone i want, right away
I can find anything and it's free
I can find clips from some of my favorite shows that I missed, I can find content that is not available elsewhere, it has a great variety of content, and you can watch full episodes of some TV shows.
I can find how-to videos on any subject
i can find my favorite songs on this site.
I can find obscure material not available on dvd
I can find original soundtracks of my favorite TVshow theme songs with montages from the show fromthe 1970s, 1980s and 1990s.
I can find rare clips of bands I like. A lot ofBritish television is on YouTube. It's always easyto find something to watch on there.
I can find tons of stuff on there and it's free!
i can find virtually any video i want to watch or old television episode
I can get content that I can't get on TV, and because the variety of videos.
I CAN GET FULL SEASONS OF SHOWS NOT AVAILABLE ON REGULAR TN
I can listen and watch music videos when I want to
I can only watch non there
I can pick what I want to watch when I want
I can search and watch what and when I want to.
I can search for a desired video
i can search for music and search for how to dodifferent things
I can see what's coming out and watch new artists.
I can select what to see. Answers questions about how to do things, recordings of lectures and so forth. Some is just plain entertaining
I can type in whatever song or artist I want and find what I am looking for
I can usually find something on there if I'm looking for something specific.
I can usually find the exact video, or the exactkind of video, that I'm looking for fairly quicklyand there is a large variety. It also occupies mychildren from time to time.
I can usually find what I want
I can watch any kind of music I`m in the mood to listen to.
I can watch shows that are not avialable to me on my tv set, its free, and I can watch more than just tv shows.
I can watch whatever I want right away
I can't find the video anywhere else.
I can't find them anywhere else
I didn't have any emails to catch up on or I'm really bored . . . I don't go there very often to watch videos.
I don't
i don't
i don't
I don't "go to" YouTube.I watch YouTube snippets that folks e-mail to me.
I don't have a favorite.
I don't like the video blog content. There are toomany self-centered people on youtube. I don't careabout them documenting their lives. I would ratherpay money to watch tv shows on a streaming service.
I don't usually go there searching.  I watch whatothers share with me.
I don't very often at all.  If I do just to see if anything is interesting.
I don't waste my time on the internet.  Only use youtube when I need to find some help on a project
I dontknow
I enjoy specific programs, but they do not takelarge amounts of time.
I enjoy watching music videos as well as thelyrics. Plus they are free and entertaining to watch.
I especially like music and science videos.  I can't get this content elsewhere.
I find a link somewhere or someone sends me one.  I want to learn how to do something.
I follow a few different YouTube video posters that I really enjoy, some are hobby related some are science based and I find content for both that I thoroughly enjoy.
I follow certain Youtube celebrities.
I generally only go to Youtube to catch up on current news, or anything that is buzzworthy.  I feel like pretty much everything is available there.
I generally only watch old music videos/groups I like.
i get helpful info from them and get to listen to my favorite songs
I get links to them from social media, emails, etc.
I get referred there from reddit, facebook, or other blogs to watch cat videos, funny videos, or I navigate there directly to watch tutorials.
I get to hear a song when I want to hear it and many times I am able to read the lyrics. Or find out who the artist is.
I go for the sound of music, not specifically toview the video, but listen.
I go there to listen to music and watch videos
I go to check out things I've heard about or things that people have snet me (links)
I go to get tutorials on things I'm making.  Such as container gardening, or crochet patterns.
I go to it to see a specific thing (usually a music video) that I can pull up immediately & watch.
I go to learn new things.
I go to watch music videos or movie clips.
I go when I see a link from my e-mail or on Facebook that was liked by a friend and looks interesting.
I got to YouTube for the convenience,affordability,and variety of videos
i have always done this,like to check in and see whats new
i have heard about a video that i think i would enjoy
I hear a song on the radio and want to see the video
I hear about a certain video
I heard about it somewhere else and wanted to seefor myself
I JUST DO
I know it has whatever video I want.  Sometimes I look up a song to listen to
i know people who post youtube videos
I like a song or I'm bored.
I like battle rapI am able to watch short clipsCatching up on past music/videos
I like being able to access workout videos and music videos
I like certain music videos and TV music channelsrarely play them.
i like movie trailersand some funny clips from posters
I like the music videos
i like the videos
i like them
I like to "try out" new artists before I buy their albums.
I like to check new music videos, little shows,and etc.
I like to choose the kinds of videos that I likeThere are many topics that are not available inother mediaI get to see the truth and not just one side
I like to laugh and listen to music
I like to listen to music
i like to listen to music while i do surveys
I like to look for movie trailers there. I also watch cute clips of cats and kittens. It's easy to  find what I want and it's free.
I like to look up music videos to songs I like
I like to see everyday people make videos aboutthings that interest me like hair, makeup,couponing, and how to do certain things. Also Ilike to see how people use certain products that Ibuy or brought and/or give their reviews.
I like to view music views and DIY on sewing projects.
I like to watch "real people" in there lives doing what they do.
I like to watch a variety of videos and shows
I like to watch how to videos
I like to watch instructional videos about crafts and cooking.
i like to watch music videos that are on youtube
I like to watch people saying and doing funny things, animal videos and watching music videos at times.
i like to watch some of the videos that are up loaded to youtube
I like to watch the DIY videos to help me with literally anything I may need
I like to watch videos of my favorite artist sometimes.
I like to watch wierd video's. Like world's biggest zit or. Funny Evian babies video which was cute.
I like watching cute animal videos and they have a ton
I like watching prank videos as well as real stories. Sometimes for tutorial or how to videos.
I like watching some of the funny videos for a pick up when I'm not in a good mood.
I like watching spirituals and the people who sing them.  If I need to learn how to do something, I will type in what I want and it will give me a demonstration of the instructions.
I listen and watch music videos. I watch funny videos from past tv programs
I listen to music I find on YouTube that I don't hear on the radio or tv
I look at how-to videos
I look for tutorials
I love music
I love music from a earlier era than today
I love pewdiepie and other youtubers
I love the creators on youtube.
I love the Gaither Vocal Band and I can see their concerts also I just enjoy gospel music and I can see it there
I love watching people's vlogs and I love YouTube celebrities and their types of videos (hauls, recommendations, fun challenges).
I love watching people's vlogs as well as learninghow to do certain things through Youtube.
i mean, there is some really funny shit on there. i usually go on to youtube for some good laughs.
I occasionally use YouTube to assist me in song selection for my church Worship services.  Many of the video's have song lyrics on screen which makes it easier to assemble power-point presentations.
I only go there when there's something specific that I want to watch, like videos showing how someone plays a piano piece my daughter is trying to learn or specific video spots, like the ones Dove ran about real beauty
I only go to you tube when I want to watch musicvideos
I only go when friends on facebook share a link to something they found unusal or different
I only use when looking for music lyrics or for assistance in do it yourself projects
I only watch videos my friends have shared on social media.
I really enjoy their videos that they have on YouTube
I receive e-mails from friends that link to funnyvideos on YouTube.
I receive links in emails directing me there foritems of my interest
I see clips in Facebook generally and go to YouTube to view them in their entirety.
I see links to interesting videos posted on Facebook. I can also search for things that interest me.
I see links to them on Facebook
I see them posted by friends on social media
I subscribe to legitimate video creators for workout videos,and I like to watch music videos from time to time.
i think they are the largest site; having the mostavailable videos.
I upload some for school related purposes.
I use it to watch cooking videos, and also towatch old tv shows.
I use them in my classroom.
I usually don't I have never really checked it out
I usually find what I am looking for.
I usually go to youtube to listen to music and find new and aspiring singers.
I usually just use YouTube to watch how-to videos. i.e makeup/hair tuteroils and diy projects.
I usually only go to YouTube if a friend tells me about a video or if I am searching for something specific
I usually only watch funny videos that are recommended to me.
I want to find a certain song/video
I want to find out more information about the topic that I am interested in.
I want to have easier navigation and it takes too much time to ind things I am looking for.
I WANT TO HEAR A SPECIFIC SONG OR HEAR ABOUT SOMETHING INTERESTING THAT I "HAVE TO WATCH"
I want to hear/see a particular song. I might here about a news or sport item and go there to try and see footage.
i want to see a new artist or find a video to anew song i heard on the radio
I want to see cute cats
I watch ASMR videos to help me sleep.
i watch games review and to see ideas for things i like to build.
I watch how to videos. I like crafts so its a great place to find how to do things
I watch karate videos to help my training
I watch movie trailers, search for full-length movies, watch some videos that people post on Facebook.
I watch movies and television programs
I watch music videos or funny videos
I watch music videos ove never seen before or stream music I don't have on my iTunes acount
I watch new music videos.
I watch product reviews and music videos. I also see links on Facebook.
I watch Vlogbrothers
I watch when they are posted on facebook
I will watch mostly user made videos. I will alsowatch movie trailers and listen to music.
I will watch videos if bored or watch movies
ideas and instructions
if a friend sends a link
if a video is posted on facebook
If I am assigned to by my teachers.
if i am looking for something in particular I can usually find it
if i find a movie I like
If I have an idea of what I'm searching for, I can do a search. I can find instruction on doing pretty much anything.
If I hear about certain videos sometimes but usually to watch animal videos.
if I need help with a home improvement project, I can pull up a video on youtube to help
if I need information and viewing a procedure would help. seeing a lecture. killing time and wanting something to do
If I need instructional videos, or someone posts a video worth watching for entertainment or other purposes.
If I need to learn about how something is done. How to do something.  Or if I am in the mood for something happy or funny, usually involving animals.
If I need to learn something or want listen specific music or watch specific video
if i read an article and the video is streamed on you tube i will watch it
if I want to check something out quick I can.
If I want to find out something about an entertainer, a product, how to repair something or what's going on in the world this is the channel to view.
If I want to hear a musician's music and see their video or to have comic relief from funny videos that regular people post on their funny experiences and mishaps.
if I want to hear a song I'll find the video
If I want to watch a music video or I need towatch an instructional video.
If I'm not sure how to do something, I can find it on you tube,like an exercise or a craft project, or a medical procedure.
If it is linked to Facebook, I may watch it, orelse when my friends e-mail me specific clips.
If it is shared on social media
If my husband tells me to watch something.
If someone is talking about a video on social media.
If someone recommends something that looks funny. I also go there for research to learn more about something.
If someone tells me one to watch or if I'm trying to learn how to do something
if someone tells me to see something
If something like a link is sent to me
If there is a video that I really want to watch or get paid to watch videos
if they look interesting on facebook i will checkthem out
I'll go to YouTube to see specific movie taspecific movie trailers or videos my sons' orfriends recommend to me.
I'll search for things on YouTube when I can't find them elsewhere, or as a discovery tool to find clips or trailers that might lead me to more information about something. It's not really my go-to location for consuming video, but there are some things I haven't really been able to find elsewhere.
I'm an EMT/CNA student, so sometimes I use YouTube to watch videos relating to my classes. I also watch a lot of music videos on YouTube.
I'm sometimes forwarded links to YouTube videosfrom my friends and I'll watch those.  I don't golooking myself.
In 4k, they are easy to lookup and find
in an e-mail
In the mood for certain music, hear or see something of interest to watch, information.
information
Information
information
Information
information
information and entertainment
Information and entertainment
Information on news, sports, ect.
Information or for pleasant, interesting entertainment.
information, entertainment
information, see new movie trailers, how-to videos
Information. Entertainment. Instruction. Every possible topic is represented.
informational videos
informative
inspiration and education
instruction
instruction videosmusic videosentertainment
instructional (home repairs)
Instructional videos
instructional videos
instructional videos
Instructional videos, reviews
Instructional videos, to hear music, to see TV clips,mot see live performances
instructional, get ideas for cars and projects
instructions
instructions
Instructions on fixing items or music
instructions on repair or install
Instruftional videos, old children videos
interest
interest in topic
interested in that topic
interested, at times
interesting information
interesting videos
interests me, someone shared with me, heard about from someone.
International content that is difficult or impossible to locate elsewhere, and is often in HD or near HD quality, limited commercials, pay content, music content that again is often difficult to locate, exposure to talented, but obscure artists.
is easy
is entertaining
Is free and has a wide assortment of videos.
IT  is  free
It can be good for instructional videos. Nice tosee people from around the world. Watching itgives you an idea of what people are like and arethinking.
It has a large selection and it's a trustedwebsite to watch where I can view my viewinghistory later on.
it has a lot
It has a lot more music video selection than other sites.
It has a lot of content.
It has a lot of videos.
It has a variety of videos for online users
It has all the videos i want to watch, plus they're free
It has content I cannot get anywhere else.
it has content not found anywhere else
It has content that I like, special web shows
It has easy access and a wide range of videos.
It has everything on it.
it has most of the ones I want, including older ones too
it has people's videos, also from other shows.
It has readily available content.
It has some of my favorite series on there; mainly some of my favorite video game reviewers.  I.e. The Angry Video Game Nerd, The Spoony Experiment, The Angry Joe Show, Pat the NES Punk, and so many "Let's Play" videos.
It has the widest selection, and it's easy to use
It has unique original content that you can't find anywhere else
It has very unique content.
it is available
It is easy to access and find what I am looking for
It is easy to find clips of anything all in one spot.
it is easy to use
It is free
It is free and popuplar
it is free, it is of good quality, most popular videos are available
it is fun to watch
it is new and different; variety.
it is quick, easy, and free
it is the fastest way
It is usually the easiest source
It is usually through a link.
It is very convenient. I can go on YouTube on my phone at any time and I can fast forward, rewind and watch the video when I want.
It is where I find how-to videos. It is easy to search for relevant videos.
It may be something I have not seen
it way I fing videos
Ita free and easy to use. They have foreign shiws I can't geton tv
its a time killing site
It's convenient and easy to find a music video I'm specifically looking for.
It's convenient, and I like that YouTube gives yourecommendations on other videos that might be ofinterest.
Its easily accessible.
It's easy to access and find videos that I'm interested in
Its easy to access. Tons of videos plus recommendations to videos you may not discover yourself. You can watch it any time you want. Its FREEE.
It's easy to find songs you need on there.
It's easy to find videos from the past
It's easy to search any stuff that I want to watch. And it has comment section where i can read other people's thoughts
it's easy to search, free, and can find anything
It's easy to use
It's fast and has a lot of content.
Its free
it's free
It's free
It's free
it's free and easy
It's free and easy to search for what I'm looking for and I can easily save them for watching later.
It's free and easy to use
It's free and has a great variety of content.
it's free and it's always available
Its free and the have the variety of music and videos i like
it's free and you can find anything
It's free, and there are so many to choose from.
Its free, i can watch what i want to andcommercials are minimal
it's free, less commercials, short videos, convenient
It's Free, They have How-To videos, It's Free,They have funny video's, It's Free, Oh by the waydid I mention it's free
ITS FUN
It's fun
it's fun and a good waste of time
its funny
Its funny
It's funny
it's has a lot of interesting stuff
It's incredibly diverse with regards to videoquality and video content. If I've got questions,I can go to youtube. If I've got a hankering forcomedy, I can go to youtube. If I just want toplay a sound to annoy or fascinate my dogs/cats, Igo to youtube.
It's informative and easy
its my usual way
its ok
It's quick, easy, and I can get real news; notwhat FOX, MSNBC, and CNN want me to see.
it's something I want watch to watch
It's the best for watching many hard to find content
It's the best place for user-generated content that is semi-professional. It's something I do between tv and movies when I want to watch something without committing to an entire episode or movie. I like a lot of the youtube personalities as well. It's also a place to find some creative content that doesn't fit into the tv or movie structure.m Easy to watch as well.
It's the biggest place to watch videos uploaded to the internet. I'm all about music videos and that's the place to get them.
It's the first site that I have came across and I find it has the most and best content. It's also the most well-known video site that I know.
It's the only place I can find certain contentcreators, such as "Infinite Waters" and "TheSpiritual Catalyst," and it's more convenient forviewing things like the Phillip DeFranco Show thangoing to SourceFed or something like that. Theyalso often have full soundtracks and/or scores forfilms that I want to preview in full once before Idecide if it's worth buying them, for instance bydownloading them from Amazon.
it's the only source
Its what pops up when I search for a video
I've been doing it for a long time
japanese movies
just an easy thing to do overall
Just cause.
just do
Just do
Just if someone sends me a link to an interesting one
just to be entertian
just to pass the time and amuse myself
just to see
just to see a particular video
just to see some stupid stuff usually , i raely use site
just to see what i've missed on news or sports highlights.
Just to waste some time.
just to watch
just when I want to watch something random
ken block,2 cellos
Kill time, to laugh, and to be inspired.
Kinda Funny
know they'll what I want
Lack of interest in people's personal videos
large catalog
largest libraryable to download to computerable to share to Facebook/twitter
Lately I have been watching X-Men Evolution on Youtube. I typically watch short clips.
Latest Music videos
latest videos
laugh
laugh
lead by a link, referred by a friend
Leaning
learn
learn about craft  cardmaking
Learn about new makeup
learn about new products or to learn how to fix or install something.
learn how to do hair, or my students/kids show me the "new" artists
learn how to do something
Learn how to do things
Learn how to do things , watch certain talents as singing
Learn how to do things and entertainment
learn new dances, or HOW TO videos, or comedy
learn new stuff
learn new things
learn new things and see new places
Learn new things, entertainment
learn some technique
learn stuff
Let's Players
like hearing different songs and like watching trailers and different funny videos
like it
like the content
like them
like to listen to new music and see the videos
Like to see some of the music videos and belly dance videos.
like to watch funny clips, parts of shows Ithought was funny
like to watch the content, things I'm looking for, old & new music videos, etc.
like to watch/listen to music on youtube for free
like watching music videos that I can no longer see anywhere on tv.
like watching my favorite artist music video's,tv shows and movie recordings are on there
Link from Facebook
link on a blog to some funny video
linked there
Linked therefrom reddit.com.
Links are posted on facebook
Links friends post on social media.
links from emails or other websites
Links from friends in e-mails.
Links from online news and from friends directingme to catch certain Youtube videos.
Links from other places
Links from other places
links from other sites
links from other sites.
links from others
links from twitter mainly
links from websites
links in articles
Links on other websites, such as blogs, Twitter,or Facebook
Links on Reddit.
links provided by friends to interesting  contententertaining content found thru links at news blogs
links provided through facebook or friends for something of interest
links someone sent me
Links take me there
links that people share
Listen to hard-to-find musicpoliticsvarious videos
listen to music
Listen to music
listen to music
listen to music
listen to music
listen to music i might want to buy
listen to music or watch funny clips
Listen to music that I don't have on my ipad
listen to music, entertained, waste time, interesting suggestions at end of current video
Listen to music, how to programs (art, DIY instructions for all types of items, etc.)
Listen to music, watch a video of Christian comedian
listen to songs
listen to songs
listen to songs i don't have on my ipod, watch music videos for free, watch youtubers
Listen to songs that I like, find a commercial that someone was talking about
listen to songs while on the computer
Listen to the music, and watch what's trending andrelax.
Listening to music, learning cooking techniques, learning dances
little to no ads
Look at funny videos both professional and amateur.  Videos detailing how to fix or make things.  Watching Minecraft videos with grandkids
Look at most recent in my favorites that I have subscribed to.
look at old videos no longer current...mostly formusic and live performances
look for interesting videos
look for piano and choral music (I'm a teacher),watch tv show trailers, watch movie trailers, lookfor obscure clips
look for something specific by talking with others who have watched something on you tube
look up ideas, clips or music videos
Look up old tv shows or movies I want to watch. Watching some funny content.
look up video
looking for a music video or someone has sent me a link
looking for music to perform
looking for something I was told about
looking for something specific, like video clipsfrom interviews
looking for specific information - usually "how to"
looking for specific parts of show.
Looking to hear music, or see funny clips
looking to rewatch something specific
lot of choices and free to watch
lots and lots of videos
lots of contents
Lots of variety
LOVE IT
love short films....
M
main video site
Mainly to watch music videos of songs that get stuck in my head.
Majority are funny videos.
make me laugh
Make up tutorials, hair tutorials, holistic information, listen to music, watch videos, find tv shows I can't find anywhere else, watch blogs.
Makes for good background noise while doing other things.
makeup tutorials
many options, easy to navigate
meditation videos. music videos
Meh it's free
Memories
mind numbing activity. I want to escape life
Miss a part of a show that my dvr did not record
Miss a show on tv. I don't have dvr
Missed the live show
most are funny, some serious
most current
Most of the time I am getting directed there from a link somebody posted somewhere else--forums, facebook, twitter, etc.
Most of the time I am looking for a song.
Most original music and video content can be foundhere.
most people that upload videos use youtube so in order to watch them, I have to go to youtube.
Most videos are available there and it is easy to search
Mostly for music videos.
Mostly get referred there when I click on a video from somewhere else.
Mostly old shows like Wagon Train.
Mostly out of habit.
mostly to laugh
mostly to watch movie trailers
movie reviews; comedy bits; music videos
movie trailers
movie trailers or something that caught myinterest on facebook
movie trailers, how to videos
movie trailers., guitar videos
Movies and TV shows
Multiple sources in one spot; short videos easier to access.
Music
Music
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
MUSIC
music
music
music
music
music
Music
music
music
Music
music
music
music
music
Music
music
Music
Music
Music
music
music and how to videos
music and medical
music and tutorials
Music and watch self made videos
music clips/video or instructional
Music or groups, action film.
music or information on how to do things
music or interviews
Music or product demonstration.
music video
music video and learning
music video or how to do videos
Music video. Snippets of speeches or TV shows.  Sports related press
Music video.. something interesting came across my fc newsfeed
music videos
music videos
music videos
music videos
music videos
music videos
music videos
music videos
music videos
music videos
music videos
music videos
Music videos
music videos
Music videos
Music videos and webisodes
Music videos are easy to search for and watch.  Ican find short clips to use.  I pull upsongs/videos for my kids to watch to keep thementertained.
Music videos for some obscure nusic genres I like,and the very occaisional how-to video.
Music videos or funny clips like animal videos
Music videos or short videos
Music videos, cat videos
Music videos, hair tutorials/blogs
Music videos, how to's, funny videos
Music videos, how-to videos & funny videos
Music videos, how-to, comedy
Music Videos, links from other social media sites.
Music videos, social media link to a specific video, instructional videos
music videos, tutorials
music videos, videos from Facebook or other websites/blogs
Music videos,listen to music, comedies
Music videos.
music videos. howard stern shows.   radio talk show shows.  popular videos
Music videos. To learn how to do a task
Music Violin tutorialsMedical how to
music, funny videos
music, Jimmy Fallon
MUSIC, SPECIFIC SONGS, COMEDY SKITS, FUNNY VIDEOS, TUTORIALS
music, sports,
music,movies,videos
my daughter shows me
My favorite viner offers 15 minute videos on YouTube.
my favorite vloggers
My favorite vlogs.
My friends share them
My friends share videos with me that I can watch on You Tube.
My husband loves u tube
My kids tell me to
My kids watch certain videos.  Sometimes I will check if there is a news clip of something I want to view available on youtube
my phone defaults to youtube to play videos
My roommate usually tells me what to watch. But I like watching music videos too
My son likes it.
My son likes the gummy bear song
my son shows me a video
My teen shows me videos
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
N/A
N:A
na
na
NA
na
Na
Name of artist on song
Need a laugh
never know what youll find
New content
new music
new music
new music videos
new songs, funny/interesting videos
news and vidio
nno commercials, easy to customize, free
No longer buy cds
No one told me I needed a reason. I am sorry.
no reason
No reason
no reason
No time to watch on tv
none
none
None
none
None
none
none unless someone shows me something
Nostalgia.
not able to find anywhere else, to get opinions about things I may want to purchase
not always on tv
not avail elsewhere, some of the funniest videos, get how to videos
not available anywhere else
Not available anywhere else
not available yet on tv
Not really interested
nothing else to do
nothing else to do, nothing on TV
Nothing that I am interested in watching
old music clips,sports highlights,musicvideos,interviews
old music videos
Old music videos
old vidoes not avaialble anywhere else
OLDER ARTISTS THAT YOU DON'T HEAR MUCH ANYMORE
older sites
on demand
on demand, cost
On the computer.
Only find them there
only for information I can't find elsewhere
only go to you tube if someone gives me a link
only if it's something personal to me
only if someone has posted a video from youtube then i may view it
Original
others have suggested
out of boredomto find unique and highly entertaining contentto listen to some great music mixesto get some great laughs
parts of past tv episodes that are no longer available
pass the time, enjoy myself   have fun
pass time
pass time
past episodes of Spanish soap operas, official music videos, how to videos, documentaries, comedy
people
People I enjoy viewing put content on YouTube
people link to videos there
People send me links
people send them to me
People send them to me, I look up various subjects, artists -- for music, movie trailers, movie clips, videos posted by friends, family, organizations I am interested in
People share them
people sharing videos
people tell me to
personals videos
picture is better
play songs for kids
podcasts, music videos and movies
Podcasts. Video game playthroughs.
poor choices
Prank videos and previews
prank videos....tutorials
prefer the tv
Pretty much the biggest site to do so
Previews of things I'm interested in.
Price is Right
product info
product info
product reviews
Programs are not available through local broadcasters. There is a variety of programs to choose from.
quality
quality
Quick access to diy projects and help
quick amusement, viral videos
quick clips
quick introduction to in-depth presentation of a new subject
Quick simple and reliable
quick tips and recipeshow to fix thingstelevision recaps
quick, they have such a massive selection
random reasons
Rap battles funny videos old and new movies
Rarely ever do, only when a friend posts it
received links via email
recipes music and funny videos
recipes, how tos
recipes, reviews, subscription box unoboxing
recomendation
Recommend by a friend
Recommendation from friends
recommendations by friends
Recommendations from friends
Recommendations of videos from friends. Looking for how-to videos to complete some kind of project. Information on products I am looking at purchasing
Recommendations, links
recommended
Recommended by friend, looking for a product review
Recommended by friends
Recommended, tv clips, music videos
Redirected from a Facebook link
Redirected there from a Facebook posting.
Refereed by someone else
referenced from other material on the Internet, such as Facebook for example
referrals from other sites
Referred
referred by friends or family
Referred by someone
referred by someone else or I've heard ofsomething of interest and it is usually availableon YouTube
referred from an e-mail or want to watch on old tv series or movie
referred my friends and family members to watch cute cats vidoes
Relax
relax
relieve stress
relive favorite moments in various media
research
Research, entertainment
research, entertainment, ideas
reviews
Reviews of games and gameplay
Rollercoasters
saw or heard about something I missed
saw something on facebook
School
School assignments or shows for my son
Science content, documentaries
search for "how to" videos and watch movies
See cute funny videos
See different and funny clips
See funny videos, learn how to do unique things
See highlights of old football games. View TVshows(new and old). Watch the Hitler finds out "x"videos. Cats.
see how to
See how to do things (car repairs, woodworkingprojects, machining).Find old music that I haven't heard in years.See events referenced in news articles and blogs.
See instructons
See kayaking videos
See music videos
see new content
see new videos, live performances and interviews of my favorite bands
See older tv programs, educational how to videos
see or hear something i want more info on
see something i may have missed on tv, watch funnyvideos, watch someones homemade videos they tookat concerts i like
see something on my msn page
see the up to date videos
See them on Facebook, so I clink on them
See them posted on facebook
see things i havent in a while
See things that happen in everyday life, watch a variety of things, funny, walkthroughs.
See unique amateur videos of concerts, tv shows , daily life
see videos
See videos
see videos for songs I like
see what is trending or to catch a clip from a tv show
See what people are doing.
see what the hype is about on a specific subject i havent yet seen.
see whats new
Seeking entertainment while doing my crafts
selection, availability
self help
sent there buy articles I want to see, see stupid people, catch up on the world, and movies
Sewing machine problems, how to build something
sewing projects
Shared on.facebook
shared videos posted to FB, videos from friends/family
shooting, guns, ammo
short clips that are usually most relevant
short content
Show an episode of fallon I might ha e missed or someone posted something g I'd like to see
shows good work
shows how to do something i don't know how to do
Since I love videogames, I always go to youtube to watch the latest reviews and gameplay videos. I also go to youtube for technology reviews as well. And when not doing that, I watch hilarious videos.
sleep
Sleep/relaxation
so I can see the latest films and have a short clip of them to see if I like them
Social media posts
Some content not available anywhere else
some links from other websites
some of the videos are funny to what, its just seeing what crazy things other people do.
Some of the videos are ones I subscribe to that help me pick new products or give me how-tos on crafts that I like to sell.
some one tell me to watch something on you tube
some really interesting videos  and others that are really funny
some things are only available on YouTube.
Somebody forwards me something funny.- I hear about something in the news and can checkit out there.
somebody informs me on something to see
someone emails me a link
Someone has let me know about a video I need to watch.
Someone has told me about a certain clip.
someone posts a link for me to watch something on youtube.  my kids want to watch a music video
someone posts a link to a video on Facebook
someone posts something on facebook
Someone reccomended to me. Heard/saw about one on TV/radio
someone recommends them
someone sends a link to a video they find interesting or amusing and wish to share
someone sends me a link
someone sends me a link or I am researching how to fix something
Someone sends me a link to something funny
someone sends me one
Someone sends me something
someone sends them to me
someone sent me a link
someone shares a link on Facebook.
Someone shows it to me.
someone suggests it
Someone suggests something entertaining or my son wants to research a topic
someone tells me about a video
Someone tells me about it
Someone will suggest that there's an interesting piece to watch and I'll take a look.
something directed me
something entertaining to me
something funny someone recommended. music videos.
something have not seen
something I can't find elsewhere
Something I want to see happens to be there.
Something interesting from facebook
something is funny, learn abuot DIY projects, listen to music videos
sometimes i get a link for a movie trailer or music, or tv show clips
Sometimes I like watching shows on there and I like watching many different types of videos and listen to music as well
Sometimes I need information on a product or products. Other times to watch music videos.
Sometimes it's just to pass the time. Usually I see something interesting on fb & watch it then it leads to me watching several more videos
Sometimes it's the only place I can find a video or its posted on facebook but the ads make me not like to watch it
songs
Songs I hear on the radio where they do not tell you who is singing the songs.  I write down words to the songs and look them up on YouTube to find who the artist is singing that particular song.
Songs on demand.
songs or lyrics to songs
Special searches
Specific directions for certain things.
Specific videos; usually science-related.
sports
Sports highlight and girls
sports highlights, training videos, clips
sports interest
step by step to do something
stop and start when I want to
stuff you cant get anywhere else
Subscriptions are interesting
suggested content by others
suggested link on facebook post
surfing the internet for entertainment or DIY
Tabletop, good mythical morning
teaches me how to knit
Teaching moments for my writing class using pop culture
tech help
tech help on a project
that is where they asre
that's the only video place for me
Thats verys significantly
That's where I'm sent to
That's where they are
The availability of free programming
The comedies, bloggers, DIY, "how to" videos and mostly the music
The content that I watch is something I choose myself and it usually updated on a daily or weekly basis
The endless content
The humor
the only reason I watch you tube videos is ifsomeone sends them to me.
The originality of each video.
the reason is to watch a game replay
The shows and personalities that I enjoy arepresent on youtube. I enjoy watching them morethan television.
The variety of content, from short clips to episodes of shows to fan and community created channels means I can see both larger, organized productions and smaller, homemade content.
THere are a lot of people I subscribe to.
there are a lot of videos
There are certain videos that I want to see that are only available on YouTube.
There are content that you just can't watch on TV.
There are many
There are many brilliant and creative peoplemaking content specifically for YouTube:comedians, filmmakers, musicians, artists of allsorts.  People who you wouldn't see on TV makingit work for themselves, it's beautiful.  Outsideof that, I go to watch music videos and to findold video/TV content that you can't findelsewhere, clips of classic Sesame Street, thatkind of thing.
there are often no other optionsit is easy
There different, interesting, make real goodentertaining and can be viewed for free!
there funny
There is a lot of unique and hard to find content on there.
There is a lot of variety and a lot of interesting channels.
There r always new videos to see. Every YouTube video is linked w/other similar videos. 1 could spend hours watching YouTube videos.
There were a couple of educational shows I wanted to watch and some DYI projects that I found there as well.
There's a large selection.
There's videos there for everybody.... I think everyone could find something they'd like to watch.
they are awesome
they are free and entertaining
they are free and some are hard to find
they are free wide variety
they are free, i can find the music i want tolisten to
They are free, they are entertaining
They are fun to watch.
They are fun.
they are funny
they are good
they are linked to from another website
They are shared with me and are funny or if I amlooking to fix something
they are trending and I would like to see what everyone is talking about.
They aren't available anywhere else.
They can't be seen any where else.
They give you related videos that are also interesting. It is free to watch videos. There is a huge amount of content available on Youtube. There are also channels that I subscribe to with videos that I know I am interested in watching.
they have a good selection
They have a lot of original content on subjects that I enjoy, such as books and cosmetics. I can find tutorials or recommendations using it.
They have all kind of videos for any purpose
They have cool videos.
They have everything
they have full movies and concerts.
they have interesting videos
they have live music videos
they have movies i like
They have music videos.
THEY HAVE OLD SCHOOL STUFF THAT IS HARD TO FIND
they have some funny videos
They have stuff that you can't find anywhere else.
They have such a large amount of diverse videos that I almost always find what I'm looking for.
they have tha latest
they have the best
They have the music I like.
They have videos for practically everything, whether it's music, DIY, funny stuff and movies.
They have videos that I can't watch elsewhere.
They have videos that I've never seen before.
They have what I want
they look interesting
they may be a certain song or video I want to seeand I know I can find it there
They show tech videos also
They sometimes have what I can not find anywhere
They're free and you can find just about anythingthat interests you.
They're free!
They're freeI like to support the YouTube creators
they're sent to me by friends
Through Facebook
Through links in online articles and looking for video tutorials.
Tips, how to's
to be entertained
To be entertained, to learn how to do something, to learn, enjoy music videos
To be entertained. To learn how to do things.
to be nosy
To catch certain TV programming I missed, to watch"how-to" videos on many different topics (cooking,repairs, legal advice, health, real estate, etc.),to watch certain viral videos, music videos, andcertain YouTube "stars," like vloggers, cats, etc.
To catch humorus contnent
to catch up on something I missed
to catch up on t v shows
to check on videos I subscribe to
To check out music
To check out Music Videos, News, Sports highlights, and just the unusual.
To check out video of my subscriptions
to earn money through a pay-to-watch site
To earn swagbucks or for surveys
to figure out  how to repair something
To figure out how to do something.  Forentertainment purposes.
to find a specific video
to find a specific, older clip of video
To find a specificvideo
To find a video of something I haven't seen in awhile or to find a clip of a live show I missed
to find amvs
to find certain old songs, or how to videos
to find clips of "How-tos"
To find content on products I bought (or am planning to buy), find how-to guides, find old music videos, etc.
to find funny videos
To find hard to find videos
To find how to do things
to find music
To find music people have told me about. Watchtrailers.
To find new artists/To listen to favorite songsand artists
to find new song or old video of 60's-70's rock bands
to find other peoples opinions about politics science history and religion
To find out how to do something
to find out how to do things and watch funny videos
To find out how to do things or if a company sendsyou there for a video
To find out how to do things.
To find something different or to look for how to videos
To find something from the past.
to find teaching tools, to watch funny videos/clips
to fix a car
To follow my favorite YouTube video creators,learn how to do do-it-yourself projects, seesports highlights, and watch music videos.
to get a great laugh
To get examples of songs and to watch videos posted on Facebook
To get ideas for my fitness classes I teach
to get info on how to do things
to get information
to get information for my classes
to get specific info
to have a laugh
To hear a song that was recently on the radio.
to hear music and see bands
To hear older songs
to hear some of my favorite podcasts or check out a song or band I want to hear
to help with fixing things
To interesting videos
to keep entertained
to kill time
to laugh
to laugh
To laugh
To laugh and see what is new
To laugh at funny videos and see the videos that music artists put out
to laugh at idiots, watch training videos,  orwatch music videos
to laugh or be educated about a product
to laugh or watch a music video
To laugh, to see uploaded content from friends
to laugh, waste time, at work ill just put on music to listen to, i can leanr things such as excel tutorials, and they stream interesting shows/docs/movies
to laugh,learn and be interested
to learn
to learn
to learn
To learn
To learn
to learn about new artists or songs or movies
to learn about some thing
to learn how to do    entertainment
to learn how to do something
To learn how to do something or for entertainment.
To learn how to do something.
to learn how to do things
to learn how to fix things and reviews on various products
To learn how to play certain songs on my guitar; t o watch certain clips that I missed on news or sports.
To learn how to repair something.
to learn how-to, products review, live events, music videos.
to learn something
to learn something I don't know how to do
to learn something new
To learn something new, to be entertained in my free time. And to have fun listening to the person on the other end.
To learn something or to laugh
to learn something or to see what's trending
To learn something such as cooking :)
to learn something, watch a funny video
to learn somethting
To learn things
To learn things and for entertainment
To learn things and to keep children occupied
to learn things, to laugh, to share my own
to learn...knitting, etc
to listen to a certain song or see a sports highlight
to listen to a particular song.
to listen to complete songs
to listen to music
To listen to music
To listen to new music
To listen to new music..and keep up with the media since I dont have cable or internet.
To listen/watch a song which someone hasmentioned, but which I have never heard.
To listen/watch music videos or view viral videos
to look at videos
to look at videos people have posted
To look at work at home videos, and some music video
to look for instructional videos, older music videos.
to look up how to do something.
To look up music and songs
to look up music videos or songs, or to watch/show something funny
to look up old songs
to pass time and laugh or learn something new
To play music videos.
to search and watch my old favorites
to search for older videos
to see a "how-to" video; to see something funny someone told me about
To see a commercial or viral video everyone is talking about.
to see all the old school movies!!
To see an artist that I may like.
To see any viral videos
To see concert footage
to see content not available in other places
to see eal events that are fun and interesting
to see funny videos
To see how things are done when working on a project. Get ideas of things to try.
to see live performances that have been captured by other people
to see music video's
To see music videos and funny videos
to see music videos of my favorite songs
to see music videos,tutoring, hair diy, hear people perspectives on interracial dating
To see new music videos or funny clips
to see new music videos, or videos that are being talked about in the media
to see new things
to see new videos
to see official videos, watch mini funny clips.
To see old music videos
To see older content people have recorded-old show, commercials, to catch up on shows I've missec recently, easy to search
to see or hear new music
To see other people's video's and watch documentaries
to see random people
To see random stuff I don't even know about yet.
To see reviews,shows
To see something funny
To see something funny or learn a new skill.
To see something I missed.
to see something someone may have told me about
to see something specific
to see something specific that I heard about
to see something that i am interested in
To see something that someone else has been talking about.
to see something want to watch
To see songs and groups I haven't heard from in avery long time. Oldies in my past.
to see specific video interest
To see the members of the band.
To see the old music videos when I was growing up
to see things not on tv or dvd
to see various things not available elsewhere
To see videos on any topic that interests me.
to see videos on the computer
To see videos that are typically censored.
to see what the older music starts looked like
To see what the video looks like.
To see what's out there, movie trailers, music videos
To see who's uploading and who is on.
To stay in touch with current events
To unwind from work.
To view music videos and movie and tv trailers.
To watch a music video or somehting
to watch and learn exercise routines
To watch certain music videos of a specific singer.
To watch certain videos of tv shows
To watch clips from shows, fan-made videos, music videos, etc.
To watch clips from shows, to watch music videos
to watch clips that i missed on TV shows or to watch music videos
To watch content creators I subscribe to, to find quick clips of movies or TV shows to share, to discover new viral videos or other interest content
To watch country music videos of songs that I like.
To watch detailed videos on topics that I can'tfind any place else.
to watch documentary's and music videos or shows I missed
To watch Ellen clips
To watch foreign language and US movies
to watch funny trending videos
To watch funny videos
to watch how to videos and to learn some recipes.
to watch information that i need
to watch information videos
to watch instructional videos
To watch interesting and/or funny videos. Mostly from people or companies that produce good content, like Markiplier, Rooster Teeth, and Vsauce.
to watch links from Reddit and toy centric fan forums.
To watch live performances by bands I like and tofind new music through the related searches on theright hand side
to watch local artists' performances
to watch me bowl back in 1982 and show my friends
to watch music videos
To watch music videos
to watch music videos - they have every song youwant to hear from every genre & time period, tofind funny clips to watch
To watch music videos and relax.
To watch music videos for artists I like.
To watch music videos or videos of comedians. My boyfriend also likes to show me reviews of video games.
To watch music videos that come to mind.
to watch music videos, trailers, follow up on current trends
to watch new music videos, how-to videos, tutorials
To watch old music videos of artists that have passed away. To watch old TV ads that I like to see over and over (ie: Budweiser Clydesdale ads)
to watch old music videos or tv show clips
To watch old music videos.
to watch popular video clips
To watch popular videos or hard to find clips for free
To watch reviews and makeup info
To watch shows and learn something
to watch silly clips
To watch some clips.
To watch something I missed elsewhere
to watch something someone told me to see
To watch songs that are performed live by my favorite musicians.
To watch specific music artists
To watch sports and music videos
To watch Super Junior videos
To watch trailers.To learn about a math concept.To watch cute/funny videos.To listen to music.To see live shows/recordings.
To watch tutorials and listen to music
to watch user made funny videos
To watch viral videos
To watch viral videos or videos people post on social media
to watch virals
TO WATCH WHEN I WANT AT ANY TIME
Today I watched a specific local news video. I might want to look up a video clip, or someone may recommend a funny video.
Tons of free content
Too busy with other things
topics i'm interested in
trailers, clips, user created shows
tutorials
Tutorials
Tutorials
tutorials self help
Tutorials, funny videos, and referred videos by friends and coworkers
tutorials, religion, kid stuff
Tutorials.
Tutorials. How to videos. Music videos
tv shows music videosinstructional videos
unique content
unique content
unique stuff, old stuff not available anywhereelse, lots of free stuff, convenient
unique subjects for info and how to
Use in my lessons
user created videos
usually because someone has shared a link
usually do not mostly watch postings from Facebook
Usually I am directed there from an email or other recommendation.
Usually I get an E-mail with a link, otherwise I hardly ever go there............
Usually I just use YouTube to watch music videos
Usually in a link from email or webpage
Usually links on facebook
usually something funny
Usually there is a reference to a YouTube video mentioned on a TV program.
usually they are links from web pages
Usually to learn art techniques, how to repairsomething, or watch rare music videos
Usually when a search or a Facebook page directsme to a youtube for more details.
Usually, when somebody has seen something andwants to share that video with me.  Sometimes, Ineed to know how to fix something.  There's avideo for that, thank goodness!!!
variaty
varied selection, interesting content
variety
variety
variety
variety
variety and an original information
variety of content
variety of subjects
variety of videos and video lengths;  can find entertainment that can't be found elsewhere.
variety of videos to see.
variety, easy to use
Variety.
variety. easy to find something interesting
various music
vehicle repair, home improvment
very entertaining, interesting venues
very instructional guide on anything.
video clips of interest
video content not available elsewhere
Video game help
Video game playthroughs.
Video game walk throughs
Video game walkthroughs
video game walkthroughs, blooper clips, youtube made shows.
Videos
Videos
Videos and content you can't find anywhere else. Videos made by regular people.
videos are linked to here
videos for kiddo to watch and learn from
Videos for my kids
Videos friends send
videos I cant watch anywhere else
Videos I post or informational videos.
Videos on demand
Videos that friends have linked on facebook
vintage commercials, music videos, movie trailers, tv themes
viral videos
vloggers, people i can relate to
wactch videos
want to hear and see a song that I have heard on radio and want to hear again without wanting for it to play
Want to know how some other do projects that the directions in package aren't the best
Want to look something up.
want to see a vintage tv commercial, hear afavorite song, or find something that I recentlyheard about never knew what it was
want to see clips again
want to see something funny and hear music
want to see something special
want to understand how the artist was conveying the meaning of the song
Waste time.
Watch children's videos with my son, watch oldBeatles videos
watch christian shows and music
Watch content my freinds tell me about
Watch free music videos
Watch funny or educational videos. Sometimes news
Watch interviews or sports clips
Watch lets play video playlists, watch vlogs, pass the time, keeps me entertained
watch local sports
Watch medical prprocedures, documentaries.
watch movie trailers
Watch movie trailers.
Watch music videos
Watch music videos and listen to songs
Watch music videos I haven't seen in a while
Watch music videos, or watch kids videos with my child.
Watch music videos, watch how to videos.YouTube is a very easy and fun Web site to use
Watch my cousin's son and my son's videos
Watch new music videos from my favorite artists, and documentaries from the history channel
watch news, other entertainment, and rare music videos (unofficial)
Watch original shows such as Afterbuzz TV thatwould not normally be aired on regular TV
watch programs uploaded, search for exercise videos, research
Watch recommended videos
Watch scenes that I missed
Watch something short
watch talked about videos
Watch things I can't see elsewhere, easy to find stuff
watch trailers
Watch trailers for shows, watch how to videos
watch tutorials, speed drawings, comedicyoutubers, watch gameplays, listen to music, learna new song thats on the raido but don't know thetitle to it
watch tv shows not available any other way.
watch tv, make fun of videos
watch video
watch videos on how to repair computers
Watch videos that friends have posted
watch viral videos
watch vlogs from favorite couples
watch what someone sends to me
Watch when I want to.
watch youtube videos that are linked to from news reporting website
Watching funny animal videos
Watching how-to and gaming videos
Watching movies or tv shows
watching random interviews or performances from my favorite actors
Watching tutorials for automotive repair, computerprogram learning, product reviews
Way to see rare old stuff and specific moments of things I hear about (like a DAILY SHOW report or Jimmy Fallon gag).
what going on around mehumor people
what they don,t show on tv
When a friend posts something.More information about a subject.How to do something.
when another website sends me to youtube
when friends send me a link to watch something that may be of interest to us
when i am bored
When I am searching a specific recipe.
When I am trying to look up how to do something. Watching a clip that was linked on Facebook.
when I have missed something on TV
when i hear about someone posting something or Imiss out on a tv show that I wanted to see
When I hear people talking about popular music videos, I go to Youtube to watch it.
When I miss something on TV.When I want to watch music videos.When I want to laugh.When I want to watch trailers of movies.
When I need to know how to do something
when I need to learn something, or watch a videoclip of an artist or a movie preview
When I wanna watch something humourous,strange/weird, out-of-the-ordinary; things that Inormally wouldn't find on TV or witness firsthandelsewhere.
when i want to do something that i don't know how to do
when I want to find something specific that I can't find on TV.
when I want to hear certain song at that very moment. and certain vloggers I follow (ie; clothesencounter and the fashion citizen)
When i want to learn how to make things
when I want to learn something new
when i want to see a video for a song i heard
when I want to see something that I have heard about or when I want to remember something that I saw when I was young.  often happens when we (family/extended family) are discussing something and we want to see who is correct. I might checkout a song or artist that someone mentions or I read about but don't know.
when i', looking for a specific news or entertainment clip
when im bored
When someone I know recommends a particular video.
When someone posts one and it looks like fun
when someone recommends a certain video
when someone talks about it
When someone tells me about something they saw.
when someone tells me that there is something good to watch
when something says to watch this & it goes to youtube
Why can have access to free videos; the site is easily accessible; the site does not require specific software; gramde variety of videos; is fun.
word of mouth
Word of mouth from friends and relatives
Word of mouth viral videos
words to songs or rewatch a clip of a tv show
work related, associated work related content
Work videos
worried about getting virus
yes
you can find a video on any subject and it is all free
You can find almost anything to watch
You can find anything from car repair to how good some product is.Even learn things like computer courses.
You can find anything on YouTube
You can find anything on Youtube, from gardening to cooking, etc
you can find just about anything
you can find others like it based on what you watch
You can get just about anything there
you can watch new and old videos
You can watch old stuff and new and find funny stuff
you can't find them elsewhere
you just click the subject and you are in
YouTube has all of the music videos that I enjoy watching, and it's an easy way to listen to new music that I don't have downloaded to my iTunes.
YouTube has so many different types of videos towatch that I never get bored of watching videosbecause there always seems to be a video thatsounds interesting to me and that I enjoy watching.
YouTube offers such a wide variety of free online videos that I can always find something to watch.  Someone is always posting a new video on YouTube.