Please list up to five YouTube celebrities that you watch.				
				
1	2	3	4	5
?	?	?	?	?
Adam	aka amazing	Aerosmith	AC DC	action figure therapy
?	Adam Buckley	Alex Goot	Alex G	Anna Akana
?	adam montoya	Alex Jones	All Things Nicky	Ariana Grande
?	Adiblasi	Alex Wassabi	amy phillips	b scott
alex day	Alizee	Amazing atheist	AprilAthena7	BillsTMaxx
andy griffith	amazingphil	amy walker	Arsha Asteraki	Boogie2988
Angry Grandpa	AmazingPhil	angrypicnic	Backyard Bowyer	Brendon Urie
Angry Video Gamer	amazingphil	Anna clendening	Barack Obama	brooke broadack
Arin Hanson	AmazingPhil	antonio banderas	Beadaholique	Bruce
Bailee Madison	Amy Tran	armercan idol	Beyonce	Bruno Mars
Bart kwan	Angelina	Ashens	beyonce	buzz feed
beautybabe44	Anglophenia	ASMRer	bobby miller	cinnamontoastken
Bethany Moto	Angry Grandpa	Banana Girl	Brody Smith	Colleg Humor
bethany moto	Bad Lip Reading	barry manalow	chaka kahn	conan obrien
Beyonce	barbra striestand	bill hilton	Cher	Dana Loesch
beyonce'	beautifulbrownbabygirl	Bob Ross	Chris Brown	Daymdrops
Bianca delrio	Beyonce	Bosnian Bill	cinemasins	Dom Mazzetti
bigdawstv	Billy Joel	Bradley Cooper	crabsticks	Donedo
Bill Whittle	Blair Fowler	Britpoplife	crabstickz	Doreen Virtue
Blogilates	bo burnham	brock lensar	Dashiexp	drake
bounce	Boarrior Bows	Capt. Slow	david letterman	E one
Boyce Avenue	BorderHammer	carrie underwood	david so	ed sheeran
Britney Furlan	brad pitt	CGP Grey	Drea dematteo	Ellen
Bunny Meyer	Can't remember	charlieissocoollike	dreamer72fem	Fine Brothers/React
Buzzfeed	Carahamelie03	Chuck Woolery	Dutty Berry	Foamy the Squirrel
can't recall	Carlibel55	Ciera	EleventhGorgeous	funker530
Can't think of one	cassey ho	Cinemates	EpicMealTime	Gabrielle bernstein
captsparkles	Cholo adventures	clothes	fashion	Grant Thompson
Carahslife	Chris crocker	Cole and Marmalade	fouseytube	handbags
Carly bell	Cinema Sins	college humor	FPSRussia	hodgetwins
Cenk Uygur	cira	convos w/my 2 yr old	Freddie W	hogan
Clothes Encounters	Cutiepiemarzia	Convos with my 2-year-old	funky dineva	Itsmommyslife
Colleen Ballinger	Daily Bumps	Cryaotic	Game Grumps	itsreal85
College Humor	dan howell	Ctfxc	Gentlewhispering	jackvalefilms
comicbookgirl19	dancing dolls	Cutiepie Marzia	George Clooney	Janet Jackson
coo3disk1	David Guetta	Dashie	Glenn Beck	jlo
crafts	DefLeppard	denzel washington	gordon ramsay	john wayne
Cullen and Katie	Diamond Mine Cart	Diana DeLaFuente	Gramt Thompson	jon tron
cyanide and happiness	Disco the Parakeet	Divas Can Cook	gravyyardgirl	Josh Sundquist
danisnotonfire	Doug Walker	Doug Walker	Hank Green	Joshua DTV
Danisnotonfire	DudeLikeHella	Drew Barrymore	Ijustine	Julien Solomita
danisnotonfire	Durianrider	Ellen Degenereess	It's judy time	Jussttom
Dave Hax	Ellen	Ellie and Jared	Jada fire	justin bieber
david bowie	Ellen Degerous	EMINEM	janet evocho	Katy Perry
david carol	epicfivetv	ERB guy	jeff dunham	Kevjumba
Depower Storm	esmeedenters	Eric the car guy	jenna marbles	kishore kumar
Derrick Rose	Felicia Day	eric thomas	Jenna Marbles	Leenda lee
DevinSuperTramp	Fleetwood Mac	Felicia day	Jimmy Fallon	lionel ritchie
dio	Fleur de Force	foley	JonTron	Mamrie Hart
Disney collector	FreddieW	Fousey	Josh Sundqvist	mary j beige
dj vlad	FreddieW	Frankie Grande	juanxita	Matthew Santoro
do it on a dime	Fung Bros	freddiew	Juicetra	me
donnie mcclerkin	funky dineva	Freebie Ninja	JulianSmith87	Michael Stevens
dont know	funny or die	friends	Katy Perry	n/a
don't know	gametheory	Gabby dunn	kerry washinton-scandal	n/a
don't know	Gassy Mexican	Grace Helbig	Lee Epstein	N/A
don't know	Gerald Celente	graveyard girl	Lev (Agent XPQ)	n/a
Don't know	Gigi gorgeous	Hickock 45	limitlessexp	n/a
don't know by name	Glozell	hickok45	lindsay hudges	n/a
e t williams	Graveyard Girl	hotdammirock	Madonna	N/A
Ed Bassmaster	graveyardgirl	Ingrid Nilsen	Makeupbytiffanyd	n/a
Eli Mattson	Handyman Bananas	Itsjudyslife	Max Keiser	NA
Ellen	Hank Green	ItsJudyTime	megan trainor	na
Ellen degeneres	Hank Green	J Balvin	michael jackson	Nina Conti
ellen degeneres	Hip2save Collin morgan	jack vale	michael jordan	none
Elton  Jhon	holly anneree	Jenna Marbles	Mike Jeavons	none
elvis presley	horrible reviews	Jenna Marbles	MKBHD	none
Eminem	i don't watch youtube celeb	Jenna Marbles	MondoMedia	none
emmanuel	ijustine	Jenna Marbles	Mychonny	none
Equals Three with Robbie Motz	Jack Vale	jennifer lopez	MyHarto	OlanRogers
Felicia Day	Jack Vale	JennPennxx	n/a	OurHalfAcreHomestead
fine bros	Jaclyn Hill	Jimmy Fallon	n/a	patti labelle
Finebros	Jamie & Nikki	jimmy kimmel	N/A	pd
FineBros (and all the celebrities they use on YouTubers React)	Jazza	John Oliver	n/a	Peter Schiff
Flula	Jenna Marbles	JustKiddingFilms	n/a	Pew Die Pie
food wishes	jenna marbles	Kandee Johnson	n/a	Phillip DEfranco
franke grande	JennaMarbles	kid fury	N/A	RayWilliamJohnson
Frankie macdonald	Jessie J	Kristen Snyder	NA	Rihanna
Fred	Jessie smiles	Lauren O'Brien	na	Rissrosedos
Fully Raw Kristina	Jim Sterling	Lindsey Stirling	natalie tran	Roman Atwood
Fullyraw Kristina	jimmy fallon	Lindsey Stirling	netty scribles	Ryan Higa
funny or die man	jimmy fallon	Lionel Messi	nigahiga	Sam Tsui
GabeBabeTV	Joe overdose	littlekuriboh	Nigahiga	seanjosephyoung
Game Grumps	Joe Vargas	Maddie Ziegler	none	Serena Williams
Gordon Ramsey	john cena	Made Man	none	Shakira
Gozell	John Green	Mark Crilley	none	Shoo Rayner
Grace Helbig	John Greene	Mark Douglas	none	Smarter Every Day - Destin
Grav3yardgirl	John Oliver	Markiplier	none	smosh
Greg Hunter	Jorge Sprave	Maxim Bady	not sure	Smosh
Grumpy Cat	julian smith	maxmoefoe	Ohmwrecker	ssica grabbit
Hank Green	Kandee Johnson	metallica	Oprah	Steve
honest trailers	keeliamurphy	michael jackson	paint	STIGs fat American cousin
Humble the Poet	kim kardashian	Michelle Phan	patricia bright	Sting
I don't	Kurt Hugo Schneider	Mike Matei	Phillip DeFranco	Swoozie
I don't actually memorize who these people are.	laura vitale	Mo Knows Hair	punk	Taylor Swift
I don't know	Lil Bub	Mr Sark	Rachloves	teal swan
I don't know	lil wayne	MysteryGuitarMAn	Reese Witherspoon	The Nothing Fancy Project
I don't know their names	Mackenzie Ziegler	n/a	Rooster Teeth	Thomas sanders vines
I don't remember	madonna	n/a	Rooster Teeth	Videogamecarnage
I don't remember them by name	makeup	N/A	Rosanna Pansino	Vlodbrothers
I dont watch celebrities???	Markiplier	n/a	Ryan Higa	wongfu
i don't watch toutube celeb	Maru	n/a	scarlett johannsen	zoella
Inbox therapy	maru	N/A	SDK	Zoella
j lo	meek mill	NA	Shane Dawson	
Jack Vale	micahe	na	Sia	
JackSepticEye	michael douglas	naptural 85	Sootch	
Jacqueline DuBois	Michael Jackson	Nicholas Tomihama	sprinkleofglitter	
James Rolfe	Michelle Phan	NIcki Minaj	Steve Hayes	
James Rolff	Michelle phan	Nicki Minaj	Stevie Hoang	
Jenna marbbles	Mike Diva (on occasion)	Nixie Pixel	STIG	
Jenna Marble	Mikey of The Crochet Crowd	none	Sutphen	
jenna marble	Miley Cyrus	none	Swoozie	
Jenna Marbles	misc bands	none	Teal Swan	
Jenna Marbles	Motor trend	none	thewinekone	
Jenna Marbles	My daughter -- she's a celebrity to me	none	Third String Kicker	
Jenna Marbles	My Drunk Kitchen	nostalgia critic	tom brady	
jenna marbles	n/a	oprah winfrey	Tony hawk	
jenna marbles	N/A	patton	Vito Simplicio	
Jenna marbles	n/a	perez hilton	Wong Fu	
jennifer anniston	n/a	Phillip Phillips	you	
Jennifer Lawrence	N/A	Pierce	蔡阿嘎	
Jeremy Clarksom	NA	PTXofficial		
Jimmy Fallon	na	Pusheen		
Jimmy Fallon	Naptural 85	robin williams		
jimmy kimmel	Newsbusted (Jodi Miller)	Ronald Jenkees		
jlo	nick foles	Roosterteeth		
Jlo	none	sammy		
Joe Santagato	none	Scott Bradlee		
Joe Sugg (Thatcher Joe)	none	Simon of Simon's Cat		
Joel Olsteen	none	Smlx0		
joeshluginbill	none	Smosh		
John and Hank Green	Noreen's kitchen	SprinkleofGlitter		
john cena	Octopimp	SteveCash83		
John Green	OverTheGun	Talking Heads		
John Green	Patirots	Taryn Southern		
John Green	Peter Chao	taylor swift		
John Green	Pewdeepie	TedX Talks		
john ledger	PewDiePie	teflon tv		
johnny depp	pianoloverok	The Chengman		
Jus reign	Prince	the fine bros		
jwfairytale	psy	The Fine Bros		
Key of Awesome	Puddles Pity Party	The Tapping Solution		
Kina Grannis	Rachel Loves	the thinking atheist		
Kingsley	Ralph Smart	Tiffany Alvord		
kingsley	ray romano	tina fey		
Kingston Trio	rhett and link	TomSka		
Laci Green	Rhett and Link	ty moss		
Laina	Richard Hammond	Tyler Oakley		
lauren luke	Richie Precopio	Tyler Ward		
lincoln	Roi Wassabi	Tyler Ward Music		
Lindsey Sterling	RomanAtwood	Utada		
lindsey stirling	rommel	VitalyzdTv		
lisa eldridge	Ronhadhino	Vwestlife		
LittleKuriboh	Roosterteeth	Wil Wheaton		
lynzie kent	rosanna pansino	will farrell		
magic of rahat	Sam Tsui	Ziegsden		
MakeMeBad35	Serena williams			
Markiplier	Shane Dawson			
Markiplier	shane dawson			
Markiplier	shane dawson			
Matt anderson	Simon's Cat			
Matthew Santorro	smartistabeauty			
me	Smosh			
Meg Turney	Smosh			
Messi	Steve Zaragoza			
Michael Jackson	stuff your mom never told you			
michelle phan	supawomen			
michelle phan	Superwoman			
miranda sings	T			
MuchlovefromKy	tariq nasheed			
My Natural Sistahs	Taylor Swift			
Mychonny	TAYLOR SWIFT			
N/A	team4star			
n/a	The Fashion Citizen			
N/A	the kloons			
n/a	The Late Boy Scout			
n/a	The Scorpion Show			
n/a	The young Turks			
N/a	TheFineBros			
N/A	TheRoyalStampede (channel)			
N/A	therpgminx			
NA	thunderf00t			
Na	Tobuscus			
na	tomska			
na	TotalBiscuit			
na	Tre Melvin			
na	Ty Moss			
na	Ty on 30 miles out			
Names unknown	Tyler Oakley			
Neil patrick harris	voice			
nerdie0girl	Weylie Hoang			
Nerdist	whitney houston			
Nerdy Nummies	will wheaton			
Nguerriero	wong fu productions			
Nick and Amir	Ze Frank			
Nick Pitera				
Nigahiga				
Nigahiga				
Nigahiga				
nigahiga				
NigaHiga				
nikkie tutorials				
NKOTB				
no idea				
no idea				
none				
none				
none				
none				
None				
none				
None				
none				
none				
None				
none				
none				
none				
none				
none				
None				
none				
NONE				
None				
none				
none				
none				
None				
none				
none				
none				
None				
none				
none				
none				
None				
None				
none				
not real sure				
not sure				
not sure				
Nutnfancy				
ozzy				
Pentatonix				
pewdiepew				
pewdiepie				
pewdiepie				
Pewdiepie				
Pewdiepie				
Pewdiepie				
PewDiePie				
pewdipie				
pewdipie				
Philip DeFranco				
Philip Defranco				
Phillip de franco				
Phillip DeFranco				
Phillip DeFranco				
PrankvsPrank				
Priscilla Presley				
psy				
ray william johnson				
Real housewives				
reni				
Retarded Policeman				
Rhett and Link				
Rhett and link				
Rhett and Link				
rhett and link				
RhettandLink				
RHIANNA				
Roman Atwood				
ron paul				
Ryan Higa				
Ryan Higga				
SacconeJolys				
Sam Tsui				
SeaNanners				
seananners				
Shakira				
shaytards				
shironekoshiro				
Simon & Martina of eatyourkimchi				
Simon's Cat				
skippy62				
SMOSH				
Smosh				
Smosh				
Smosh (channel)				
Son oh (urban germany)				
Spoole				
Stampy				
Steve Cash				
Steve Cash/Sylvester the Talking Kitty				
steven moninux				
Straight No Chaser				
Stuff my two year old says				
Superfruit				
superwoman				
Sweet brown				
Tamar Braxton				
Tanya Burr				
Tati				
that guy who tells you to assert your American citizen rights				
The Fine Brothers				
The fine Brothers				
The Tonight Show				
the verge				
Tony Brueski				
triple h				
trishlikefish				
tyler oakley				
unknown  names				
UXWBill				
vlogbrothers				
Waka flacka				
Whats Up Moms				
whatsupmom				
Will Ferrel				
Willam Belli				
Wong Fu				
wongfu				
Wranglerstar				
Yogscast				
I provides all my podcasts I listen to and some in video format.				
I really enjoyed the show				
I really like the show "Speakeasy"				
I subscribe to interesting clean channels so the YouTube recommended videos come in as Clean interesting videos				
I think watching exercising tips and old music videos from the past				
I use Youtube for listening to music and majesticcasual updates frequently and has great content.				
i want to learn				
I'm a car restorer, helps with new product reseach.				
I'm a dance instructor				
I'm always looking for problems with my car he's the best of them he's old school				
I'm most familiar with it				
I'm unsure.				
Important news quickly.				
In-depth and honest gear-review videos, adventure videos, and philosophy videos. It's a community.				
info				
Informative and the style of cooking and narrating is cool.				
Informitive				
interesting				
interesting				
interesting				
interesting				
Interesting content				
interesting content				
Interesting people and content that informs me.				
interests too varied to choose favorites				
Is contains the type of funny, geek-type content that I enjoy				
it  is  useful  for  my  latin  family				
It airs a scripted vlog series based on Jane Austen works.				
It allows me to see what other people are makingfor their home haunts.  This allows me to come upwith new ideas for my own haunted house.  It alsoteaches me new technique that I did not know before.				
It allows me to watch my favorite news showwithout subscribing to HBO				
it always releases a new mix every friday				
It caters towards gay people				
It covers all the games I want to watch				
It deals with historical or scientific subjects				
it gives me a up-to-date view on one of my passions.				
It gives me Doctor Who videos				
It has a lot of content that is put out daily and most of it is related to things i'm interested in like games and technology				
It has all of her latest music videos available.				
It has all of the Hebrew animated programming available.				
it has all the music i enjoy				
It has all the music videos I love				
it has crazy mash up videos.  I think they may belegitimately insane.				
It has funny viral videos although it seems to be down or not updated much anymore				
It has how to do things videos I like				
it has interesting videos				
It has many tutorials on how to do certain crochet stitches or patterns.  There are many videos to choose from and the projects are easily done following the video.				
It has matches i like to watch				
It has speedruns of games.				
It has sports				
It has the most content out of the just kidding network				
it has the programs I like				
It has videos of a litter of cute kittens growing up.				
It has videos of our son on it.				
It help me learn about current issue.				
It helps me stay up to date with some of my favorite artists and their videos.				
It helps me with dog training.				
It helps me with wedding photography				
It helps my learn new techniques.				
It is about a family that lives in London but are actually from Ireland. They have two kids and six dogs and film part of their daily lives. They also upload the same time every day. Their vlogs are interesting and fun to watch. :-)				
It is entertaining and original				
it is funny				
it is funny				
It is my hobby				
It is one that I can post video reviews				
It is really funny				
IT IS THE MOST ENTERTAINING AND INTERESTING.				
It is traditional shaving based				
It is unique and fun				
It is very informative. It keeps my interest. I learn something every time I watch.				
It lets me keep up to date with the friend and their ongoing projects				
It let's me watch all the music videos from Jlo				
It provides good photoshop tutorials with clear instructions.				
It provides the content I'm most interested in.				
It shows clips of the new video games being played.				
it shows how to play games				
it shows music videos				
It taught me simple cooking instructions that made me like cooking so much more.				
It teaches you things about life				
it tells me a lot of things I want to know				
it the only one				
It used to have live NLL games, but now it's just OK for highlights and stories on the athletes				
it what i use to work out				
it'a funny				
it's an interest				
It's consistently entertaining and adorable.				
It's Ellen. Positive.				
it's entertaining				
Its everything related to one of my favorite bands, They Might Be Giants.  From oldies, to their newest Dial-A-Long weekly songs.				
It's fun				
It's fun to watch Cory's adventures in Alaska				
its funny				
its funny				
Its funny				
Its funny				
its funny				
It's funny				
It's funny				
It's funny				
It's funny and creative.				
It's got the programming I enjoy the most.				
its great source for factual news				
Its hilarious and had variety				
its info news worthy				
It's more professionally produced than most.				
its my brothers page				
Its my channel.				
It's my daughter's site and I love to watch her performances.				
its my favorite bc mj is  my favorite artist				
It's my husband's channel that he uses to upload family videos.				
It's my own				
It's one of my publishers				
It's perfect for my kids to watch new or old videos.				
it's real and means something				
It's real news				
It's really funny and they come out with a new video each year				
its simply great				
Its something I'm interested in				
It's versatile				
It's very funny				
I've been watching their videos almost as long as they've been a company.				
Julian smith				
just a nostalgic era, tunes fashion and humor that i loved to get a glimpse of.				
Just did it to bookmark stuff.				
Just the diverse subjects and reactions from the groups interviewed				
learn about cardmakikng				
lets me catch up on clips from her show i missed				
like most				
like music from the 70's				
Like sports				
like the music				
Like the music and videos				
Like to see different dog videos.				
like to stay up to date on the world				
listen to as I fall asleep many nights				
local				
Look him up and you'll see!  He's got a bunch of videos by now, BUT the first one is the BEST and I still laugh every time I watch it.				
Louise is such a lovely person and so positive. Her videos are really natural and she really cares.				
love all their songs				
Love anything bigfoot				
love his music				
love it				
love robotics and the program Dean Kamen created				
Love them!				
Love to show classic sketches to my kids.				
Mark Fishbauch is an inspiration and a comedic genius.  His videos are funny, and his charity work is genuine.				
Markiplier (Mark Edward Fischbach) is highlyentertaining to me; Withi his "Let's Play!" videoseries, I've always enjoyed his voice acting, hiscomedic commentaries, his screams/fits of rage orpanic... and the games he play of mostly of anindie-horror/survival horror genre, which is alsosomething I enjoy in life... He always makes melaugh in a way not even PewDiePie could, though Ihaven't really watched a lot of his content.				
Maru the cat.				
media				
Most entertaining videos				
Most relatable to me and entertaining				
Motz is hilarious.				
MUSIC				
music				
Music fan				
music is good				
music videos				
music videos				
my bad				
My favorite musical group				
My favorite videos and music				
my favorite videos to pass free time				
my kids enjoy it				
My kind of shows				
MY SON AND I ARE BOTH HISTORY BUFFS AND THIS CHANNEL  ALLOWS US TO HAVE A WIDE VARIETY TO WATCH.				
my sons channel				
N/A				
N/A				
N/A				
N/A				
N/a				
n/a				
N/A				
n/a				
N/A				
n/a				
N/A				
n/a				
n/a				
N/A				
N/A				
n/a				
N/A				
n/a				
N/A				
n/a				
Na				
na				
NA				
NA				
na				
NA				
NA				
na				
na				
na				
na				
na				
na				
na				
NA				
na				
na				
new music I like				
No favorite				
no favorite				
no favorite				
no favorite				
no favorite				
No favorite.				
No favorite.				
No preference				
no reason				
none				
none				
none				
none				
none				
none				
none				
none				
none				
none				
None				
none				
None				
None				
none				
None				
None				
none				
none				
Not applicable				
not sure				
not sure				
Not sure				
not sure				
not sure				
Not sure.				
offers great variety of quality exercise videos.				
Official music videos				
oldies				
oldies movies				
One I my favorite movies and I like to watch things about it.				
only one I check out				
Only one where I consistently watch a release.				
only source for this former TV show				
previews				
Provides videos of games I currently play, as well as previews of upcoming games				
Real content and funny				
real japanese cooking going step by step				
Really like content				
really straight forward and honest				
Recipes				
Relevant				
Relevant content to me, smart, funny				
Reninds me of home				
Rhett and link are funny and content is relatable				
Roosterteeth is full of many people that loves playing games. Pewdiepie is a great person that is funny and nice.				
See above				
see above.				
See above.				
See answer above				
See answer above.				
See new mc's				
she always post either funny videos or heart warming videos				
She does a lot of deals using coupons which helpsme to learn how to save and get the most out of mymoney.				
She has great content on both beauty and lifestyle and she seems so down to earth.				
She has great tutorials				
She has usable advice				
she is a great singer and dancer				
she is an amazing person and is always so sweet and nice, not to mention funny				
She is an amazing woman drummer.				
She is an awesome talent				
she is entertaining and informative				
She is just the perkiest, happiest, kindest person and I love seeing what she does with her family on a day to day basis.				
She makes food I like and she knows what shes doing without being annoying				
she makes good natural hair tutorials for African American hair				
She shares her spiritual believes/practices way of life as a witch in orange county california				
she shows easy steps for me to get how make my daughters hair cute				
She's absolutely lovely - great energy, beautiful, enthusiastic, fashionable, etc etc				
She's entertaining and does reviews on products.				
shes funny				
She's funny. And I'm unable to watch her tv show regularly.				
She's hilarious.				
She's relatable to me and humorous				
she's smart, fun, funny, and doesn't take shit from racists				
She's talented and sexy				
she's very funny and makes fun of real-lifesituations that I can relate to				
show good products				
show me how to transform them				
shows many diffent hair styles				
Shows you how to do things				
songs				
specifically dogs of doxie variety which is my favorite dog				
sports				
swimsuit models				
Tabletop				
Talk shows				
Teaches me				
teaches me about my work				
teal swan,ty moss,parategray,lindsay hughes,christina martine				
Tells you legit wok at home jobs				
The content is interesting.  It's suitable for my kids.				
The fun the host has.				
THE host is entertaining and knowledgeable				
The host is pretty interesting and I've learned a bit from him				
The interactions between the hosts, especially on table talk, are very amusing.  They are the wacky comics that can make any topic interesting.				
The kid is amazing!				
The music and quality				
The ones I follow are friends YouTube channels.				
The only one I care about.				
The original programming				
the people are funny				
The people who run this channel are inspiring and funny.				
The reason that I watch YouTube is because I do not have to have a favorite channel. I control my content and can drift with the wind from channel to channel as my mood, and interest suits.				
The uploader regularly puts up funny animatedvideos that sometimes are really random or reallyheartfelt and touching.				
the videos are always funny and well done				
There are a lot of vintage commercials				
There are past episodes of a Spanish soap opera I like, it's good practice to replay and the clips are in order.				
There is a variety of videos and most of them are funny				
There's certain hair styles I don't knowing how to do and it helps me see and learn...				
TheRoyalStampede guys are awesome pranksters, evenif the pranks themselves have been done before.Their accents, especially, draw me in. Thesituations they get themselves into are ridiculousand not like what you'd expect. Smosh is also justas hilarious but they're more diverse. Theirvideos can be wide from subject to subject (i.e.,Pokemon to Flamingo). So in short,TheRoyalStampede is my favorite Australian"provider" and Smosh is my favorite American one.				
These are things that I am most interested in.				
These gals are hilarious and I learn so much from them.				
They are adorable dogs				
They are awesome, funny, and clean				
They are funny and very entertaining!				
They are hilarious				
they are just plain funny. no way around it. they are hilarious, and i always get a laugh from them.				
They are my favorite video game company, so their channel helps to keep me up to date.				
They cover and discuss things that the networks ignore				
they do abridged parodies of my favorite anime shows				
They do funny pranks and they are an awesome couple.				
They entertain, inform, educate, etc. They are an all in one package and they have other channels relevant to me.				
They have all sorts of new random songs that Iusually enjoy.				
They have good voices and cover songs				
they have the best giveaways posted.				
They not only talk about food they eat in Japan,they produce travelogues of places they go and gothrough everything you would ever want to know ifyou went there.				
they offer a unique way of performing and i enjoywatching them				
They put a lot of the cool things on the show on YouTube right away.				
They talk about interesting physics				
They're funny and entertaining				
things I can relate to				
This is my favorite channel because it's just a bunch of videos of normal people like me getting caught in some pranksters' pranks.				
This YouTube Channel is my favorite because it isa channel that consists of many different randomvideos that are, in my opinion, funny and witty.This channel usually keeps me entertained.				
Through their content, I keep myself informedabout ideas, philosophies, life strategies andother ways to improve my quality of life and/orstate of mind. NixiePixel is a geek vlog thatgives me information about technology, includinghardware like phones and tablets, and about thingsI can do with Linux OS. Infinite Waters and TheSpiritual Catalyst both share spiritual andmetaphysical philosophy and other ideas which Ieither am exposed to and decide aren't for me, oram glad to have discovered and learn ways toimplement them for benefit in my life.				
unsure				
Up to date news!				
vedeos  and the entertainment it provides				
Very entertaining videos by a multiple cat ownerin a beautiful, peaceful setting in Japan				
very informative.				
Very interesting information on a daily basis.				
Very talented singer/performer				
Videos of his kids				
vloggers I can relate to				
we and the wife enjoy watching them together				
Wide variety of great content with terrific quality.				
Wonderful music				
wrestling				
wrestling				
yoga channel				
you have a wide variety to choose from				