In what ways do you feel the quality of videos on YouTube is better than it used to be? <I>(Please be as detailed as possible)
?
?
?
?
????
1080 vs 720
60 frames a second and HD streams
A few have bought better cameras and editing equipment, and now everyone else had to follow suit or else be left behind.
A greater number of people are making videos thereand are doing a better job at it.
a lot has changed for the better over the years with video and audio quality
a lot more choices; more people contributing
a lot more diverse
a lot of it looks more professionally produced
a lot of people are uploading HD quality videos now
A lot of the videos have a better quality as far as lighting and content.
A lot of the videos I watch on youtube are in HD or even in 4K already. A majority of the videos from channels I subscribe to, no matter what the content or style is, have great lighting, sound, and good video. It's a lot better than the home videos you were used to seeing in the past.
A lot of videos wouldnt load or play on my device, now they do
Ability to stream HD, but not able to buffer asmuch as I used to be able to
able to change video quality when needed
access available
Addition of high definition resolution.
after you tell me ill let you know if your right
all
All
all around better picture and sound
All technology is getting better.
alot more variety
Although, YouTube has always had plenty of top-notch videos, with great resolution, there seems to be a lot less videos that are of poor quality.
always the latest verisons
aren't too blurry
aren't very pixelated
As people get better recording equipment (audio & video) their uploads are of better quality
As technology changes, the quality gets betterover time.
As technology gets better so does video
As technology improves
as the world turns theres you tube
as time goes on, technology increases, which in turn means the quality will increase.
As with the change of times and technology, change in quality of a lot of videos upgraded.
available hd
awesome
Bandwidth of videos is better and recording equipment is better. That coupled with improved skill in doing videos is important.
because I have a better monitor to watch them with
Because it just got better
Because it's better.
because its in HD now. you can see more clearly and more lengthier . They give you more time
Because of better internet capability and technology
because people have posted better videos and the content is better because you can like it so people know what others like and make videos to keep up with the trends
Because smartphones have improved vastly.
because technology has gotten better
Because the technology people use to make them is getting better
Because the videos are professional produced.
because the way people record them is better quality
because video or being view on HD
Better
better and clearer images
Better audio and video
Better bandwidth and no buffering at HD quality.
Better camera quality
better camera quality and production value
Better camera work
better cameras
Better cameras
Better cameras
Better cameras
Better cameras
Better cameras available and faster Internet plus HD quality
Better cameras now capture better videos
better choices
Better clarity
Better clips
better content
Better content
better content
Better contrast and resolution. More of the channels are run by professionals (either companies, celebrities, or other public personalities). The content is more supervised than it used to be which in turn ensures quality.
Better def
Better definition/clarity of videos.
better devices
better editing
Better editing, camera work, production value.
better eqpt to take videos
Better equipment and TV image.
better equipment capturing the videos and better editors
better equipment capturing the videos now
better film technology
better filming equipment
better graphics
better graphics
better graphics, better sound, faster loading times
Better hd options
Better HD quality videos
Better hi res video
better images
Better internet connection
better laptop
better made
better made
better made videos
Better material
better music or songs/movies
better navigation
better options
better organized regarding topics
Better parental controls
better people
better performance and content
Better phones
better picture
Better picture
better picture and sound
Better picture and sound
Better picture and sound
better picture quality
better picture quality
better picture quality
better picture quality
Better picture quality
better picture quality .
better picture resolution
better playback, longer clips and shows
better produced and clearer image.
better production
better production value
Better production value.
Better production.
better quality
Better quality
better quality
Better quality
better quality
better quality
better quality
better quality
Better Quality
better quality
better quality
Better quality (less pixelated)
better quality / less grainy
better quality cameras
better quality cameras
better quality recording devices
Better quality videos, less likely to run into bad videos
better qulity
better reception clarity and sound clearer
Better recording devices
better resolution
Better resolution
better resolution
better resolution
Better resolution
better resolution and content
better resolution, less buggy than back on 2006;but I hate Google's new layout for the site.
better resolution, more display options
Better resolution, plus download speeds have improved (pretty much nationwide).
better resolutions
Better selection of videos and people at home have better quality cameras.
better selection, higher resolution
better servers
better sound
better sound and picture
Better sound and picture quality
better sound and video
better streaming
Better streaming and filters
better streaming and people are loading better quality videos
better streaming speeds/quality
better tech
better tech
better tech
Better technology
better technology
better technology
better technology
better technology
better technology
better technology
Better technology = better production values
better technology now
Better technology outside of youtube
better than used to be
Better variety and better organization of the site
Better variety. Delivers a good sound experience.
Better video content & more professional looking
Better video production, cleaner content, more organized feel
Better video quality
better video quality
better video resolution
better video's
Better videos and graphics.
better videos and quality of pictures
better viewing
Better visual and sound quality
better visuals
Big companies are watching and people want to takeadvantage of that. More thought and effort arebeing put into the videos.
Bigger selection, better quality.
Both that the users are uploading higher-quality videos and that Youtube can play high-quality videos on so many devices.
Buffering is better. Less shakiness, and better sound quality.
Cameras are better so thats one. Technology is just better
Cameras are better, now, as is internet.
Cameras are improving so video is improving.
Can make them run at faster speeds
can see more clear
Cant
can't explain
cause many of them are of HD quality
Cause the equipment has improved.  The subject of the videos has decreased for sure.
Clarity is better
clarity of the picture  and the sound are much better
cleaner
clear
CLEAR
clear
clear HD quality, the best
clear picture, sound better
Clear picture.
Clear videos and a great variety
clear, come across quickly
Clear, not jumpy.
clearer
clearer
clearer
clearer
clearer
Clearer
clearer
clearer
Clearer and better sound quality
clearer and not as much freezing
clearer image and better sound maybe do to the fact that the equipment to record these videos is also better.
clearer picture
Clearer picture
Clearer picture, more HD content
Clearer pictures
clearer vision
Clearer with more fps
Clearer, more consistently high quality
clearer, more detailed, and more to the point
clearer, not always pausing
Clearer, not as many streaming issues
comes in clearer
Comes in clearer. Less delay
companies are making content for youtube now whereit use to be all just people posting.
Compared to a few years ago what I watch seems to be better.
competition causes "cream" to rise to the top
content
content areas used in videos is better than in the past
Content creators emerged and got better atcreating quality content. People on YouTube havebecome older and more experienced and those withthe technical ability to produce high qualitycontent along with the ability to engage theaudience have become much more prominent andeasily accessible.
Content from official sources.
Content is higher quality
content rating
cool people
Cut out the number of advertisements
definition
definition
Definition.
depending on the person/entity posting, the visual and auditory quality is better.
Devices have become better
dk
doesn't lag and most videos play
Doesn't lock up when viewing or lag.
Doesn't take long to load.
Doing the same to me
Don't freeze as much better folor
Don't have to keep refreshing the page. No connection problems.
dont know
dont know
dont know
dont know
Dont know
don't know
Don't know
don't know
don't know
don't know
don't know
don't know
Don't Know
Don't know
don't know
don't know
Don't know
don't know.
Don't really know about the past. Technology is better.
download better
Due to advancement in technology
due to more advanced technology, the look & feel of videos are much better
dunno
Easier access
Easier to download
Easier to filter through
easier to find
easier to navigate
easier to navigate
Easier to search and find what you want
Easier to use
EASIER TO USE.
eem to have better video and sound
Enjoyment
equipment to video is better
Even amateurs improve their camera skills quicklywhen they find how easy it is to improve theirwork with some of the new non linear software outthere.So the production quality of videos hassteadily increased.
Everything is HD now so all videos have gotten better. Internet speed has gotten better.
Everything is more clear than it use to be.
Everything with a computer has gotten better and people have gotten better with their own videos
everyway
faster
faster
faster and easier to load, better sound
faster buffering
faster download
Fewer skips, jumps, and out of sync audio problems.
fine more of what you want
first it shows clearly and the shows itself good quality
fjklfyu
For some it's better with better equipment
From a technical aspect, the videos are mostly HDnow, versus 240p stuff from 2006.  Quality camerasand sound equipment are more accessible to amateurfilmmakers and vloggers now than back then.  Interms of video content, it's a mixed bag becauseyou have beautifully produced, brilliantlyentertaining content that would have been toopolished for the internet 8 years ago, but it'sflooded with half-assed sponsored content and Vevobullshit.
Function of cheaper, more accessible technology
funnier more music
gets more clear
Getting higher resolution videos now.
gives information on everything a consumer wants or needs.
good
good
good
good
good
good
Good
Good shows, like the vlogbrothers, put a lot of thought and preparation into their content.
good video time
gotten a lot better
Graphics and theres no commecials and people just do better when putting everything up
great
Great
great
great quality
great quality
great quality real
Greater selection of videos
guess they are but have no idea
happy
HAS ALOT MORE
has hd
has hi-def
has more videos
hate ads
Have better visuals.
have more on it
have no idea--how was it before?
Having an HD option is nice
HD
HD
HD
hd
hd
Hd
HD
HD
Hd
Hd
hd
hd
Hd
HD
HD cameras
HD has evolved and become more available onconsumer cameras.
HD is available
HD is much better
HD is offered
Hd made them better
hd quality
hd quality
HD quality now available.
HD quality on some videos
HD tv technology
hd versions of videos
hd video
Hd video and sound
HD video clips
hd, and more variety
HD, choices in HD options
hi def
High def
high definition
high definition
high definition
High quality
high resolution
High resolution, better streaming, better sound
high-def videos
higher definition
Higher definition video
Higher definition without a lag
Higher definition, better sound & picture.
Higher graphics and audio quality.
higher quaility
Higher quality
Higher quality
Higher quality & number of pixels.
Higher quality options
Higher quality, better on screen presenters
higher quality, less social
Higher quality. Not as grainy.
Higher resolution
higher resolution
Higher resolution
Higher resolution
Higher resolution option
higher resolution than before
Higher resolution than previously
Higher resoultion
higher standards
Higher video resolutions and bitrates.
home videos look more polished
Honestly, all technology has come a long ways. You can record videos in HD now!
Honestly, I wish I had a 'not sure' option. I ampretty specific about what I want to watch in thefirst place and I have always found what I needed.
html5 video no buffer
I  think all   have   good  q
i am not sure
I am seeing more hd videos well filmed music videos
I believe that YouTube is just as good as it was years ago with regard to quality.  YouTube has always been the standard, especially for quality.
I can access more and I am not waiting for videos to load up as much
I can watch videos in high definition.
I can't really say, I don't know if there has been a difference in quality
I couldn't say neither agree/disagree which is what I wanted to say.  I'm new, so I don't know. I don't go there that much to have an informed opinion, but I do find stuff there all the time when I need help
I dont
I don't
I don't
I dont feel like the quality is any better.
i dont know
i dont know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
i don't know
I don't know
I don't know how they were before, I think they are find. don't see anything wrong with them
I don't know what they were like before so can'treally comment. there was not a suitable answer
I don't know why I feel the way I do.
I don't know, just seems like people put more into their videos now vs years before
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.  I just figured it was getting bbetter
I don't really feel that way, but you did not have a neutral selection.
I don't really know, just started watching a few months ago
I don't really know.
I don't remember the quality before now. But it's good quality.
I don't watch enough to know
I feel like I have had fewer issues with buffering lately than I did in the past.
I feel like they are always working to improve the site. It is easy to navigate and the quality is always improving.
I feel the quality of videos and cameras overallis better, resulting in better quality videos.
I find more available and the picture quality is usually good
I guess so I like YouTube but do not watch it often
I guess the videos are clearer to watch
I hate the commercials but the content is still good.
I have a better smartphone and faster data.
I have been around since the beginning of YouTube. It has better codec support. Also, technology is easily available now for amateurs to create higher quality content.
I have never noticed a YouTube video with poor quality.
I have no idea if this is the case since I sorarely use You Tube.
I have no idea if youtube is better than it used to be or not I only chose that option because there was not agree/disagree option.
I have no idea what it used to be like, so who knows?
I have noticed an increased number of resolutions to choose from.
I have seen at least 2 version of a music video
I haven't noticed that the quality is better than it used to be.
I haven't really noticed a difference
I just assume that it must be as time passes
I just assume that with advancing technology thevideos have gotten better in respect to the quality
I just do
I just think electronics have come along way in the past several years
i just think that the technology available to the amatuer vidographer is better, thus making the videos better
I know that the quality of the video is good at this moment and I cannot comment on much better it was in the past.
I like quality of video being put out
I never spent much time there and I try to beoptimistic when I don't have a neutral option
I never thought the quality was bad to begin with,aside with some old music videos that are very lowdef but still watchable.
I only chose that answer because I really don't agree or disagree. I consider myself a new viewer of YouTube, so don't really know what the quality of videos used to be.
I really do not know how you tube used to be
I really don't know the answer to the question, but I had to check something
I really don't notice much difference.I don't watch all that much YOuTube.
I really have no idea or opinion on this. I don'twatch YouTube enough to rate it.
I shouldn't have answered that way. On secondthought, it's actually worse. I don't seem to havethe option to go back now, though. Althoughbefore, I just was annoyed that it started playingbefore it finished loading and I'd have to stop soit would buffer, at least at first it would allowme to pause the video so it could load furtherwithout lagging. Now YouTube videos usually won'tload unless they're also playing, which justreally aggravates me to no end. If I pause it, itstops loading, apparently assuming that it's notnecessary to keep loading because I'm notwatching. They seem to have defeated the onebearable workaround to one of the crummiest partsof the experience of their site.
I think because of better technology.
I think in general people take pride in there video content.Showing aspects of lifes that are teaching and informative.
I think it offers a wide variety of things to view.
I think mainly because special effects are better these days.
I think more amateurs are focusing on improving the quality of their films/clips
I think people realize this is a competitive space and are putting more effort into making better quality videos
I think since the technology has evolved so people are using better equipment to make their videos.
I think some of the companies like Joannes fabrics are making better crafting videos.
I think that it has a widespread audience and manymore are taking the time to do quality videos
I think that the people posting videos on YouTubeput a lot more effort into the quality of thevideo than they used to (in the early days ofYouTube). Even if the YouTube personality is notthat well-known, they typically use a lot ofediting software and professional setups to createthe video.
I think that YouTube has a large assortment of videos for everyone.
I think the only thing I have really noticed is that it's easier to search videos.
I think the picture quality is a little better
I think the pixels have gone up--many people areusing HD cameras to produce their videos andupload it in HD as well.
I think the quality has improved with most techno.
I think the quality is about the same but that wasn't one of the answer choices.
I think the video cameras people use now are better so the quality of the videos are also better
I think the video quality with smartphones isgetting better, resulting in better quality clipswhen people upload their recordings to YouTube.
I think there  allot better
I think there are longer videos available, with better productions...even for the amateurs!  I feel like I am seeing more HD videos, with better sound quality.
I think there are more people who are putting moreprofessional videos up on YouTube.  Many videosseem much more polished and edited than they werein the past, though there are still true amateursusing YT as well.
I think there are more professionals posting videos. Also the quality of all cameras / video - even on cell phones - has improved dramatically int he past 10 years.
I think there is better video quality in general
I think they are about the same, but there was not an option for this.
I think they are fine.
I think they are more planned in a lot of cases. I also think the technology has improved.
I think they increased the FPS.
I would imagine that, naturally, this is true.
I would say that people are simply uploading better quality videos. With technology constantly improving, people are able to upload better videos.
I wouldn't say they are better, they do have the option of optimizing to HD quality, but it all depends how well your internet connects to Youtube or how well Youtube is working with you.
idk
idk
idk
IDK
idk
If you see older videos the quality will only go to 360 fps. Now most videos are at 720 and there's a lot that go higher than that.
I'm actually not certain if the quality of videos are better or worse than it used to be.
I'm not for sure.  Haven't paid any attention
I'm not having problems with stops and starts.
I'm not on YouTube enough to answer that.
Im not sure that i think it is better than it used to be.
I'm not sure, but they probably are. The overall Haleigh seems to be better
im not sure, they just seem to be better quality
I'm not sure; the quality of the videos isprobably better because technology has improved,as well as the popularity of the website.
I'm really not sure.
improved camera quality
Improved resolution
improved technology and ability of most people to create them
improvements in tech, and removal of time limit
In terms of visuals, it's so much better, and more people make higher quality video
in the quality of the programation
Internet is moving up
Internet Speed is better so therefore YouTube isbetter
Is this a trick question?  Did you read what youjust asked me? My wife has a ten year old niecethat asks senseless questions. Why do I feel thequality of videos on YouTube are better than theyused to be? Do you mean I am wrong for thinkingthe quality is not as good as it used to be? A amconfused.  May we move on please?
It appear the videos are not as amatateurish
it can have a higher quality to how it looks
it comes in great
It depends on what you mean by quality.  If youmean the content of videos available, then I don'tthink it's necessarily better than it used to be. But if you're meaning how clear the videos are,then they are better because they aren't asfuzzy/blurry.
It didn't have HD when it first started
It doesn't skip as much
It don't skip as much.
it faster and doesn't buffer like in the past
it got better
It has a greater variety of content.
It has a lot of shows
It has always been good
it has been around for awhile
it has better quality
it has good quality
it has hd
It has HD now
it has HD quality today
it has higher resolution
it has huge content
it has improved over time
it has more content
It has more content it has something for everyone
IT HAS MORE ENTERTAINING VIDEOS
IT HAS SOMEWHAT HAS IMPROVED.
it has upgraded
it is
It is about the same as it usually is.
It is available in HD
It is easier to search and there are more videos to watch.
It is easy to find what I need.
It is fast and goes with internet connection
It is higher quality based on the type of camerathe person is using.
it is more in hd
it is sharper
It is still not the best quality
it just is
It just is
it just is
it just is
It just is.
It just seems that way to me.
It just seems the quality is better in sound and filming.
it just seems to play better and not  lagging as much or less problem loading
It loads faster and the color and quality is better.
It offers multiple qualities you can watch a videoin .
It seems like it used to be all amateurs now professionals make a lot of the videos.
It seems like there are more options of actual quality, and the videos on youtube that make their way to me are highly rated videos (not just something from someone's phone of random stuff happening in their backyard).
It seems like they are of higher visual quality and there is a much larger variety.
It seems more organized, the settings and the visual appeal has improved, recommendations are good.
It seems somewhat to be in higher definition
It seems that almost everyone is shooting and editing in HD, which is, of course, good! So I guess I mean quality of the video, not necessarily of the content.
It seems that people are just doing a better job of making the videos
It seems the same as it always was, but there wasno choice for that.
It seems they are better quality but I'm not sure
it seems they used to be grainy...I presume as cameras get better, videos get better...plus there is a lot of "professional" you tubers presenting videos
it seems to load faster and buffering is better
It shows so good I don't have to fix no quality...
It use to be just video people submittedthemselves not it is good quality videos vs amature
it use to load every five seconds now it doesn't
It used to be mostly home movies, now the production value is impressive
its about the same
It's become clearer
its better
its better
It's cleaner
its easier to get access
It's easy to get to the videos and the quality is fantastic?  It's east to move around and watch whichever ones you like the best.
it's getting there, still a little choppy though
it's gotten better except the ads are annoying
It's gotten much more video clarity and more popular so there's much more to watch
its great
Its HD that I watch so its always better
its more advanced and clear
It's more consistent and I've never had any issueswith the quality of viewing.
its more people doing tutorials and not just people trying to be famous or people just posting stupid things
its more than amateur videos now
its more user friendly
its no longer just amateur videos
its not blurry like long time
its now hd
it's older and had better quality videos than whenit first started.  technology has gotten better.
it's really still the same to me.
It's so popular that people can't just put anything.
I've been watching Youtube a long time and I appreciate all of the tutorial videos they have added and it keeps getting better.
just a sense
just are
just are
Just better
Just better
Just better broadcast quality and videos of professional performers
just better quality, upgrades and improvements
just better technology
just better video quality, with 1080p and stuff like that.
just better visually
just clearer pictures
just is
just is
Just like with TVs I feel everything gets betterwith time.
just looks better overall
just more claerer
just more exposure
just more of them
just more to see and better picture quality at times
just my opinion
just overall growth and people have become more savvy about what is crap.
just seems like it is
Just seems that way from the few I've watched over the year.
just that the times are changing and so is the videos
just the amount and frequency of content uploaded
Length
Less ads
Less ads
Less ads
less amateur
less annoying stuff
less buffering
Less buffering
Less buffering
Less buffering
Less buffering and better video quality
less buffering.
less commercials
less grainy
less issues with pixelation, fuzziness and blurriness.
less likely to have technical issues
Less or no lagging, clearer picture and soundquality, creative people submitting videos
like the features
Load much faster and easier to find
load quickly
loads faster
loads quicker than before
Lod faster, many are hd, full screen
looks better
Lots more to choose from
lots of different content
lots of variety
lots of variety
Many more tutorials & instructional videos
Many people are using hi-def smartphones (andtablets) to make amateur video these days, so theytend to lookk better than what they usually takewith standard cellphones.
mas nitidez mejor performance videos incluidos va en mejora
Maybe it's the clarity, or just better videos ingeneral.
Modern
moe pofessional
more
more and more of them available
More and more people have experience with filmingnow so it's a lot clearer
More are now in HD, not super low res.
More available
more channels/industries are putting their content on youtube
more choices
more choices
more choices
more choices
more choices
More choices
More choices
more choices and better video
More choices, watching right now as I take this survey!  :-)
More choices. Better editing
more clarity
more clear
more clear
more clear
more clear
More clear
More clear
More clear and more visual
more clear and persise
More clear. Skips & stalls less.
More commercial quality videos and trailers avaialble
More content
more content
more content
more content
More content
more content
more content
More content
more content
More content is available in HD quality due to both pre and post production.
More content, old contest sticks around
more contentmore sourceseasier to use
More copyright protected
more creative
More creative
more creative people
More details
more easy access
more experts use them
more fun, better things to watch
More funnier peoiple
More funny stuff.
more HD
more hd
More HD
More HD
more hd
more HD
More HD
More HD / better resolution videos.
More HD and higher resolution videos
More HD cameras and screens available now
more HD content
More HD content. The content quality is far worse
More HD conversions.
more HD options
More HD options, fewer loading errors, better variety
More HD quality
more HD videos
More HD videos
more hi def videos
more high quality youtubers
More in HD than before, better audio, folks knowwhat to make now
More information
more instructional
more interesting
more modern
More music videos, better sound.
more networks are embracing it now.
more of a selection
more of them
more of them better quality
More of them to choose from
more option to better quality
more options
more options and better technology
More options, and HD is available more often (and doesn't crash in HD anymore)
More options.
More options. There's so much one could learn.
More organized and higher video quality in hd
more people are creative
More people are getting skilled at presenting their material as professionals
More people are making videos so there's more variety
More people are posting
More people contributing better content.
more people have hd
More people posting so more choices for videos
more people submitting to it
More people uploading better content.
more people using it
more pixels
more pixls
more pro content
more prof videos on there
more professional
more professional
More professional and better produces, with a muchgreater variety
more professional entries. more thoughtful content.
More professional videos
More professional videos
More professional, better picture quality
more professional, corporate vs just average joe posting something
more professionally created
More professionally done video work is availableon youtube now rather than pirated copies of musicvideos and amateur videos
more professionally produced
more professionally produced
More professionally produced videos
more proffesional
more quality
more regulated
More reliable and consistant
more reputable sources now use it
More selection
More selection
More selections
More selections
more standardized
More stuff out there.
more stuff to watch
more submissions are filmed with better quality devices by better cinematographers
more technology now than then
more to choose from
More to choose from
More to choose from
More to choose from, people are video taping more and.
More to pick from
More up to date
More up to date and good sound
more varielty
More variety
More variety
more variety
More variety
more variety
more variety
More variety
more variety
More variety
More variety
More variety
More variety
More variety
more variety and overall better quality
more variety and the visual quality is better.
More variety I guess
more variety of subjects
more variety; classic stuff as well as current
more videos
more videos
more videos
more videos are available
more videos are available in high def
More videos available
More videos I am interested in.
More videos in a lot of catorgory's
more videos more things you can watch
more videos to choose from
More videos to choose from
More videos to choose from.
More videos to view
more videos, better searches and suggestions.
More videos. clearer screen resolutions
more viewing options (720,1080)
more vivid
most are HD now
most are hd now
Most are now in HD
Most of his videos are broadcast in HD.
most of the video quality is pretty good
most of the youtuber have HD cameras and use software that allow their videos to be creative
Most of them are clearer
most of them are in HD
Most of them play faster (less buffering) than they did in the past.
Most of videos have better sound quality,advertising in the beginning only ( some haveadvertising all over the videos- very annoying!)
Most people are at least 720p. And even whenthey're not it's usually for a good reason--thevideo game they're recording isn't that high of aresolution.
most used to be lower quality now most are good to excellenet quality
most videos look and sound better than they used to
most videos now are in hd
Most videos uploaded recently are available in 1080p ... older videos this was less common
Mostly because the videos can be downloaded fasterthan they use to be.
mostly clear. the number of ads that disrupt the videos are increasing, though.
Mostly the feeling that there are a lot of relatively-high production videos being put onto YouTube these days.
Mosyly full length as opposed to just clips
much better
MUCH BETTER
Much better looking than 5 years ago.
Much higher resolution
Much more HD 1080 content than before
much more in-depth and informative
much more pro appearance, maybe due to improvement in quality of phone video?
Much more to choose from
my internet is slow so i dont see any improvementin quality
n/a
N/A
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
N/A
N/A
na
na
Na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
NA
Never a question with professional videos but camera and technology have improved for the amateur so their products are improving.
New technology
Newer cameras coming out
no change
no choppy and have to keep re loading
No comment
no idea
no idea
no idea
no idea.
no it could be better
no real reason
no reason
No. I believe it was better in the past.
None
None
none
none
None
None
none havent really notice
none I know of
not a regular user
not as amatuer anymore
not as broken up and better picture
Not as choppy, better color and sound.
not as grainy
not as grainy
Not as grainy as they used to be.
not as grainy, and amateurish.
Not as grainy; faster
not as laggy as before
not as many ads.  better resolution
Not as many amateur videos and most of those are better qaility
not as many lags, hd is available
not as many stupid ones
Not as much buffering and sharper videos
not as much lag, less pixelated.
not blurry
not camera quality, HD
not choppy
Not old school looking
Not quite as many with really poor quality; itmight just be the ones I'm looking for, though.
Not quite sure what you mean?
not really sure
not really sure - just didn't know what other answer to go with
Not really sure.  They just seem to be.
Not so many stops and ads
Not so much the overall quality but the selectionavailable.
NOT SUER
not sure
not sure
not sure
Not sure
Not sure
Not sure
not sure
not sure
Not sure
not sure
not sure
not sure
not sure
not sure
Not sure
not sure
Not sure
not sure
Not sure
Not sure
Not sure
not sure
Not sure
Not sure
not sure
not sure
Not sure
not sure
not sure
Not sure
not sure
not sure
Not sure
Not sure
not sure
Not sure
not sure
not sure better cameras
Not sure how they were before
not sure it is.  I think its the same.
Not sure really. I kinda just start using You Tube and find the quality just fine
not sure since I just started exploring Youtube
not sure what to say to this,ill i can say is i have always watched them.
not sure-it's more popular
not to sure, I've never new about it until I met my husband.
not usrte
nothing may have changed but I had to answer the question.
Now allows longer videos, easier to search for videos. Quality seems better overall.
Now everything is hd.
now has HD
now has HD
Now in 4k Videos,that is the only thing that I can seem better.
Now there is more variety of videos in HD
Nowadays, YouTube allows viewers to adjust thevideo/image quality to higher resolutions and highdefinition. I have also seen more creativesubjects in videos nowadays, such as more cleverpranks.
ok
OK
on some videos you can click for a high definitionversion
Only because video's have become easier to do and the things to take them with have involved alot that it's easier to do and cheaper
Original programming available
Over the years the videos "amateur" filmmakers andTV producers have made are more professional incontent, production and editing.
Overall it has most of the music videos i enjoy and not too many of them have been changed or the actual video removed (just the music left behind)
Overall quality of video.
Overall videos seem to be more clear and the sound is better.
people are better editors
PEOPLE ARE GETTING BETTER AT IT, THEREFORE, IT LOOKS LESS AMATEUR IN MANY WAYS.  THERE ARE STILL CRUMMY ONES OUT THERE, BUT OVERALL, THEY SEEM IMPROVED
People are getting more advanced cameras and are learning how to be more professional as YouTube is increasingly being seen as its own television channel. It is a great alternative to television and sometimes I even choose it over TV.
People are gettting more serious about what they produce as they know that more people will see it.
people are making better and better quality videos...lots of talented people out there
people are making better posting
people are more conscious about what they share with the public
people are recording with higher definition devices
People are taking it more seriously.  Handheld technology is getting better.
people are using better equipment
People are using better technology when makingvideos, so they turn out better.
People are using better video equipment
people are using it more to create actual content,putting money and time into it, rather than just taking a cell phone video of something somewhat funny happening
People are very savvy and know how to make videos that people like to watch.
people care a bit more now
people have access to better equipment and the accessibility of high-speed internet is better
People have adapted to the platform and perfected it
people have become more creative
people have better cameras now days
people have better cameras now, so videos arebetter quality
People have better devices to make them with
people have better equipment now so higher resolution videos and better framerates are more commom
people have better equipment than in the past, forexample GoPro cameras and people get very goodquality work out there.
People have better equipment, putting more time into their productions
People have better quality cameras, and you can search the most popular so you know what other people like.
People have better quality recoding devices.
People have better tools to generate videos
people have more access to editing programs. digital age is here.
people have more advanced technology to shoot goodvideos
People I using better methods to make there videos better than the past. And Youtube upload qualities is now up to 4k.
People make a better effort at what they are doing...
People r smarter about how to make videos.
people seem to be doing a better job with them
People seem to make more intricate videos
People take better videos and the quality has improved
people take their time to make quality videos
people take time to post videos
People upload better content nowadays and there's more variety in videos compared to when youtube first started.
people use better cameras
People who make home videos are now adding music, words that go across the screen and are more professional.  These videos seem to be filtered for quality more than the old days (not just any-body can get on it).
people who post have better video quality and editing
people, in general, becoming more skilled at producing the videos so overall quality is much better
personal video equipment is better and so then are the videos they produce
picture
picture and sound
picture and sound
picture is better
Picture is great and sound is better than before
picture quality
Picture quality and sound are more consistent
Picture quality is better
picture quality is more clear as well as sound
picture quality is much better as long as you have quality internet provider to play it
Picture quality/ playback is smoother and better. Production value of many videos is much better than the early days.
Picture resolution is better
Pictures and sound quality has improved.  Loads faster.
Pictures are clearer
poeple use more sophisticated equipment to film videos.
poor many cold be fake
presentations have better production values.  The instructional videos used to be people just talking on a web cam now there are better video techniques using a combination of views, screen capture animations etc.
probably more related to people recording and uploading better quality videos.
production value, experience
production values higher, professionals have found it useful as an outlet,
qualiity of all videos are better these days
Quality
Quality
Quality
quality is alright but to much buffering issues
Quality of content and current events as they are happening
Quality of online video in general has increased
Quality of picture and sound
Quality of search results
Quality of the cameras
quality of videos
Quality varies depending on who uploaded.
Quality.
Quicker
really about the same, but you didn't have that as a choice.
Recording technology is better
recording videos are better.
Recordings are better
refreshing,
resolution and lack of buffering
Retarded question. Have you heard of theimprovements to java ?
run smoother
same
seeing new content
Seem like they have more information.
Seem more professionally made
seem to have better ones now
seems a little crisper than before
Seems as though the FPS quality is better than it used to be
seems better. don't use YouTube much
Seems clearer.
Seems HD is more readily available.
Seems sharper with the images
seems to be
selections
sharper
sharper contrast
shorter and getting better
shot with better equipment
Shows people and situations I can relate to
sign of the times
Simply thru experience gained by producers of thiscontent and the variety available
Since I have higher bandwidth. Higher quality videos will stream reasonably.
Since I've  started using it, I've noticed a difference in the types of material that being offered.  The Genre is better and the tutorial and instructional videos seems to have improved.
smoother
So many more videos than before and lots of very good lectures and lessons
some are
Some are still SD but most are HD
Some of the videos are better quality, and there are less "impostors" people posing as official videos or artists or shows that aren't really the official videos
Some of the videos are very poor
Some posters really go to great lengths producing and editing clips
some videos on youtube are now hd
sometimes the quality is adequate
someways about the same, it just depends on which video you find
Somewhat
somewhat better content and information
sound
sound and picture quality are better
Sound is better
sound mostly
sound quality is better and more choices
sounds better
special effects
Speed
speed and resolution
stream cleaner and longer, graphics much better and very real time and realistic
streaming engine has improved; less jitter.
streaming is somewhat better and the quantity of what I'm interested in has increased.
streams faster
Supports higher resolution.
T here are more to pick from
Take less time to load
Tech has gotten better
Tech is better
tech is better, so it seems reasonable to say so
technically better / better equipment. not blurry like home made vcr tapes
technologies are better and the results follow.
technology
technology  I guess
technology advances
Technology continues to improve as does the methods that people use to produce their videos
technology for users have upgraded and users' knowledge has expanded, youtube offers 'help' to uploader's such as, 'can we synchronize that for you' and of course, broadbandwith (if you want me to say it's because of google, I can't nor can I not because, I don't know.
technology getting better
Technology has advanced.
Technology has evolved, in turn helping video quality
technology has gotten better
Technology has gotten better
Technology has improved
technology has improved
technology has improved over the past few years
technology has increased so more folks are using HD video.
Technology has taken better videos
technology improving daily
Technology increases
Technology is always improving.
technology is better
technology is getting better
technology keeps advancing
Technology to record and post videos to YouTube has improved
That was the best option to choose. I really think it is the same quality which is good. YouTube is great!
The 4k is awesome
The addition of 1080p videos as well as some 3D videos is really great.
The addition of YouTube original series helps
The assortment of videos is larger.
the background is better in video the audio and the video doesn't stop and pause on you
the breadth of topics has widened and vloggers I like have evolved into better quality
the camera work is betty
The cameras and equipment are better now.
The cameras taking the videos were better
The clarity is nicer, due to nicer phones and cameras
The clarity with the new Smartphones allows better viewing.  Most videos are larger when they pan sideways more often than used to be.  Many videos used to be narrower.
The collaborations between youtube stars has been getting larger.  Various companies and institutions are now supporting these creators, allowing shows like SciShow, VSauce, and MinutePhysics to produce more robust content and gain access to professionals and locations that most individuals may not be able to.
the collection is becoming better
the computer screen is clearer
The content as improved now that it is a money making website. People aren't just recording poor quality videos for 10 seconds
The content has gotten much better. There is still a lot of crap, but the good is starting to outweigh the bad.
The content of subjects are more interesting
The definition is higher, liike it gives you a 20/20 vision of the picture that you're seeing
The definition is just clearer, at least for the stuff I watch. They have playlists which allow you to go through multiple videos. You can manually increase the quality yourself, from 480p to 720p, even.
The devices people use to record the videos is much better quality.
The digital quality is fully in effect
The download speed seems to have increased so theare fewer lags
The DYI videos are pretty good and have some useful information.
The ease of use has improved.
The equipment is better as is content
The graphic quality is higher
THE GRAPHICS AND CLAIRITY OF THE VIDEO IS BETTER AND BETTER
The HD options that we can select make the videos crystal clear. Also, not that bloggers know a profit can be made from making videos i think they are using better equipment to record.
The higher definition is better.
The ideas behind the videos are better.  Thecameras people are using are better quality and itmakes the picture clean.
The image quality is better; is there more HD videos; the resolution of the videos is higher.
the internet connection is faster
the lightings and editing.
the looks
The material used for making videos have gotten better. This includes equipment and writing.
The more "professional channels" have better production value.
The original creations are better produced
The overall viewing quality is better.
the pages load faster, commercials are short
the picture and sound are not as blurry
the picture and type of things you can see
the picture is clearer
the picture itself
The picture quality and content.
The picture quality is better and more clear. In settings I can also choose the video quality and can watch most videos in HD. The one thing I wish Youtube would fix is the buffering on some videos. At times, this can be a nuisance.
The picture quality is better and the overall content is more interesting and varied.
The picture quality is much better
The picture quality overall has improved, in general people take more care with what they post and how they film
The picture quality seems better
The picture quality seems sharper.
The pictures and sound are so much better now, and it is easier to get to what you want to watch.
the pictures are sharper
The pictures are very clear and the musical lyrics aren't muffled; they are very clear as well.
The playback isn't cut off toward the end.
The processing of the videos is getting better
The production values seem to have gone up. Better resolution.
the quality
The quality has somewhat been upgraded.
The quality is better its a fact they startedhaving 4k and 3D content when they didn't before
The quality is better.
The quality is better. People are providing better quality videos on them
The quality is great.
the quality is much better than before
the quality like everything has improved
The quality of cameras has gotten better so that has affected what is put on YouTube as well.
The quality of the pictures is better. More stuffin HD.
The quality of the uploaded files has increased. The quality of content hasn't.
The quality of video has improved along with the topics covered.  It used to just be homemade goofy videos, but now I can find information on various topics, technology, and How-To videos.
The resolution and load times.
THe resolution and sound quality is better.
The resolution/sound has improved a lot.
the same
the same
The service is getting better
The shooting and sound quality are a lot better.
The sound and digital quality are excellent.
The sound and pcture quality is better and I am able to skip the ads more often than I used to be.
the sound and visual quality isnt as blurry andblotched as it use to be
The sound is better
the streaming has improved; the quality of theproduction is more professional.
the streaming is better
The streaming is faster and the videos are higher resolution
the streaming is much better quality than it usedto be
The streaming is very smooth and people have just gotten better at editing and being creative
The technology has improved
the technology is better
The technology is better now.
the variety of information available
The video is clearer.
The video quality is a lot better
the video quality is alot better. and u can watch full episodes of sme tv shows now
the video quality is better
the video quality is better
the videos are better and i like the suhbscriptions
the videos are better quality than they used to be
The videos are clear.
The videos are clearer
the videos are clearer
The videos are clearer & less distorted.
the videos are clearer and the sound is great
The videos are clearer then they used to be.
The videos are less grainy than they used to be, and they're less laggy than before.
the videos are more clear
the videos are more clear and stable
The videos can be watched in high def
The videos have become more professional.
The videos seem clearer. Maybe it's the camera that was used.
the videos seem to be better than before
The videos seem to be longer and more high quality
the videos seem to play better now then they did before
The videos uploaded are standard to high definition depending on the internet speed connection online users have.
the viewing itself is easier to bear
The way that they play and picture quality is way better with some content. but some Is still distorted
the website has improved since 1st starting.
The website seems to provide better access; less buffering than before.
Their is alot better control over what you want to see. More regular people like me are posting videos
Their technology has to improve to keep up with everything around us.
There are a lot more and quality is just better
There are a lot more professionally produced videos out there.
there are a lot more videos now then before and are way better
There are better selections of videos
there are educational videos on and people sharing opinions nad making causes know
There are fewer pauses as the videos are being played.
There are good quality videos
there are hd quality versions of vieos avavilable
there are high quality videos
there are higher resolutions.
There are higher video quality viewing options that go as high as HD, there is more freedom to use music and clips of shows in videos, there are official channels for celebrities
There are less amateurs posTing videos
There are many more choices & technology has gotten better.
there are more
There are more channels, therefore morecompetition, and it can work out for bettervideos. However, more channels also tends to equalmore repetitiveness, which can get boring veryquickly.
there are more hd options
There are more HD quality videos being uploaded
There are more in HD.
there are more of them and they cover a wide range of subjects. In addition alot of people have better technology than they used to so when someone posts a video they made then it's usually of great quality as far as sound and graphics go.
There are more of them, and with increased viewership come increased budgets. Official music videos are now up too, so we're not watching amateur hacked together stuff as much unless the artist is dead/really obscure.
There are more options, so videos had to improve or viewers would choose other better videos. More competition forces them to step up their game
There are more people producing better content. Professional content developers are using YouTube as a delivery platform.
There are more people putting in more time to their videos and higher quality shows as things used to just be normal people posting things.
There are more people that produce videos with an eye for the quality than in the past.
there are more professionally done then there used to be
there are more.
There are some good how-to's out there.  I utilizethose pretty frequently.
there aren't as many amateur videos, although that is still mostly amateurish
there good
there is a better selection of videos to watch.
there is a bigger selection to choose from
There is a higher resolution and a wider variety of videos.
there is a larger selection of things to choose from
There is a lot more professionally produced content
There is a lot or original content from reallycreative people.
There is a wider selection of quality content.
There is HD content now.
There is more HD content
There is more of a selection of topics.
There is more technology geared towards people making these videos and it becomes easier and more accessible to others
There is more thought and effort into the production quality of the videos
there is more variety and newer videos as well asnew features
there is more variety to choose from.
There is more variety.
There is much more variety and youtube has become more mainstream
there is no high def and 3D
There is not as much shakiness to them and the HD versions are great.
There is now an HD version
there is so much more to see.  maybe it was my computer, but it would buffer years ago but now it is easy to watch.
there is way  more variety than there was a few years ago
There not so grainy
There seem to be more professionally made videos.
There seem to be more videos in higher resolutions than there used to be.
There seems to be more helpful/useful clips available than in the past.
There should have been a not applicable selection,but I figure with more HD cameras available thepicture quality has improved. I don't watch manyamateur videos.
There was no button I have no idea if they are better or not.
There was no neutral option, I haven't noticed a change.
theres high def videos now
There's live versions and studio versions.
There's more
Theres more of a selection and there are morethings I like to see
there's more people on youtube more people equalsmore creativity
These videos are HD, more entertaining, originaland of good talent and selection!
they actually work better or I just have a better laptop
They added 60FPS and the overall streaming speed of HD videos seems to have increased.
They appear to be higher quality videos uploadeddirectly from a smart phone rather than lowerquality videos that have been converted from videotapes.
they are
They are able to stream from other places like VEVO
they are about the same, maybe more selection
they are better....
They are clearer
They are clearer
They are clearer
they are clearer
they are clearer and audio is better
They are clearer and the sound is better.
They are clearer pictures, videos and better sound.
they are clearer videos
They are clearer.
they are done better than in the past
they are funnier
They are funnier and more entertaining
They are hd now, i can see them Cleary
They are higher definition video and audio wise
they are higher quality
they are improving their vidios
they are in H D
They are in hd
they are just better
They are more clear .
They are more clear and run smoother
They are more clear, not as grainy.
THEY ARE MORE CRISP AND CLEAR
They are more detailed & shot with better equipment
They are more popular now so they are more interesting to watch.
they are more professional
they are more professional looking, goodinstructions, good quality
they are more professionally made without interruptions; the user generated videos are better quality and easier to share
They are usually less pixelated
They are very clear and the audio is great
They are very clear.
They are visually clearer and audio is clearer.
they are way better than the old days
They aren't all amateurish
They aren't as grainy as they used to be and seem to have less occurances of buffering
They can be shortened and they are easier to search for
they didn't have the option  [the same] to choose from
they do hd sometimes
they don't appear to always be some old Videotape that someone digitized and put up
they don't look like the were shot with a hand held 8mm
they don't need to buffer for as long as they used to
They don't play as choppy as they used to
They don't seem as amateurish
They have add a lot of major corp. that have placed major funding into some of the videos and people themselves have just put more effort into making a better video trying to compete.
They have an option where you can watch in HD orincrease the resolution of the video.
they have better sound and better picture
they have gotten more advanced
they have improved as time goes by
They have more and more channles
THEY HAVE MORE AND THE QUALITY IS BETTER
They have more concerts and they are easy to watch without alot of static.
They have more HD & the clips are no longer of a restricted length.
they have more money for better everything
They have more options for higher quality now
they have more videos in high definition than before.
they have raised the resolutions
they have upgraded to 720p and 1080p over the yeara
they improve
They increased the resolution
they just are
They just are
They just are.
They just are.
they just seem to have a better quality
they load a little faster
they load faster
They load quicker.
They load up faster and are not as grainy
They look and are made better
they look better than they first came out
They look great.
They look sharper and more detailed.
They now have 1080p
They now have HD videos and a wide variety of channels.
They now offer HD where possible
They now offer videos in high definition
They offer a lot more 1080p videos, even 1080p60fps if you're into that. As far as better in a content-sense that I couldn't say. It's probably worse. Everything on the planet is getting worse.
They offer different versions of the same video and you can pick the best quality
They offer HD quality now. Before that was not anoption.
They play a lot of underground music videos
they run better than they used to less interference
They seem more up to date
They seem to be clearer and better produced.
They seem to be filmed better and with moresophistication.
They seem to have sharper high-definition pictures than they used to.
They seem to load a little faster
they seem to stream better and have better content
They start faster than before
They updated the quality
they used to be more amatuerish
They used to buffer all the time but not anymore.
they used to cut out
they used to suck, now there a little better
they went full HD
They weren't as clear.
They're shorter and to the point..............
They've transitioned to HD and even some 4k
Things stream more smoothly and there are fewer glitches
TJE EDITING AND CONTENT ARE BETTER LOADED TO YOU TUBE
todays technology is better
um not really sure
unsure
Unsure
Unsure
unsure
unsure
Unsure
Unsure. I don't watch enough of You Tube toaccurately answer this. I mainly watch it if Ihave time to kill, which isn't often.
updated technology
Updated.
used to be much more amateur video that was poorly made.  Now quality videos from all kinds of sources (still some very amateur but that's ok)
variety
variety and better equipment for the peoplerecording new videos
Very good
Video
video and audio quality appears to be better now than in the past
video buffering
video picture and sound seems a little better.
Video production has in general gotten better; however, more professional products are being made available, such as artist or producer provided music videos, instead of fan made lyric videos
Video production overall has improved, so it would reason that the quality here would as well.  Some of them are still pretty crappy, though.
video quality as a whole has improved with time. recordings are better, videos are better sorted to suggest related videos, and audio and video quality are better
Video quality gets better as phones and cameras get better
Video quality has improved (HD is now available/more common)
video quality is better. colors crisper. audio more intelligible
video quality of the people making the videos and loading them to the website
Video quality/technology has improved
Video recording devices capture better quality images
videos are clearer
Videos are HD quality and longer.
Videos are much more instructive and educational.
videos are now available in hd quality
videos are shot in a better quality
videos dont buffer as much as they used to
Video's don't have a hazy cloudy to them and nowthey have the look of HD
Videos freeze less often and stream more quickly.
videos from many decades
Videos play much smoother
Videos through vevo are clear cut and better than regular videos provided.
viewing quality, wider selection
Visually
Visually
Voice clarity is better
we have better technology
Well HD is around now
well i can put anything and there will always be a video about what i am interested, so is better than it was
Well there are more creators and more videos about different interests.
Well they had hd quality now.
well they look better than a few years ago
Well, HD digital video is higher quality.
Well, I believe what's better are the selection capabilities that direct me to videos that are of better quality.
well, they use to freeze up a lot
Well, way back in the day they didn't have 720p video quality.
When I say quality, I mean there are more highdefinition videos on YT than before
When You Tube first came out, the videos were somewhat grainy and jumped around a lot.  Now, they're almost at a professional level.
When youtube was new people didn't have advanced video cameras that they have now and people put more effort into videos these days since there's money opportunities
who knows, people think they will break out?.
Wider range of shows available
Wider selection
Wider variety of videos clips and movies
with new tech comes better quality recording,users have the capability to take broadcastquality videos, people are more familiar with howto act or explain things in a youtube video
With technology, they are clearer in quality ofthe picture
with the HD and 4K support
years ago the videos were typically lesser quality but more so on the amateur-home-made stuff, i think that the quality of home cameras has gotten better in the last 10 years
YES
yes
yes
Yes - they seem to be clearer and more professional
Yes it's much more advanced with the resolution
yes, its more clear and vivid and better sound.
Yes, seems more clear.
yes...and you also have the ability to choose the quality you want. I like having this option
You can change the settings to HD on the videowhich makes the videos clearer and better
You can choose from a long list of songs that are sung by your favorite band or singer.
You can choose the 1080 setting
you can filter
You can now get HD videos.
You can now watch videos in HD.
You can select an "HD" option, which wasn't available years ago, as far as I know
You can upload higher quality videos now like 720p or 1080p.
you can watch in hd now
You have an option to choose what quality you want.
you have choices. If one isn't very good, choose another!
You now have the ability to watch videos in 720hd
You Tube streams video in HD.
YouTube offers videos in higher resolutions, the image quality is better.
YouTube supports people and allows them to be creative
Youtubers are buying better cameras and editing software.
youtubers are using better cameras
Youtubers try to use better camera quality